724-224-3400 lynda@akstrong.com Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Twitter LinkedIn About The Chamber Chamber Overview Vision and Mission Statements Regional Map Membership Directory Leadership Meet the Board Meet the Staff Committees Membership Membership Benefits Member Badge Manage Profile Programs & Discounts Testimonials Join the Chamber Contact Us Members Member Information Membership Directory Photo Gallery Regional Map Member Login Events National Civics Bee Chamber Events Community Events Submit Event Jobs Jobs Resources Governmental Officials Programs & Discounts Tri-County Workforce Investment Board Blog New Membership Coordinator – Rebecca Borland Location of planned business incubator in New Kensington changes Pittsburgh region’s ‘brand has never been better’ Program encourages business leadership education Alle Kiski Strong Chamber provides community with opportunities for growth Select Page The AK Strong Chamber provides connections, resources, and guidance to our members and community. We are dedicated to the improvement and growth of our region! CHAMBER RESOURCES The Chamber has proved time and time again to be a great networking tool.  We don’t just get new business from our membership we make new friends. Laura Thimons J.E. Balicki & Assoc., Inc. There are a lot of great business people in this organization who are dedicated to helping this region to remain strong and successful, and to attract other companies to this area. Curt Marino Seita Diamond Jewelers Through the course of eight years, I have made many friendships that have directly impacted both my personal and professional life.  The network of people that I have come to know has helped my business by being able to refer clients to other local professionals. Frank A. Amato, Jr Amato Financial Services We can look through our client list and recall meeting so many of these great customers while we were planning the annual chamber dinner or working on some other chamber duties that had nothing to do with printing. Tom and Francine Costello Costello Printing & Graphics I encourage you to connect with other businesses and organization through chamber membership and engage in a manner that your time and talents can contribute to. Communities can thrive through sustaining businesses, economic development and housing, schools, services, organizations and activities that foster a positive quality of life. Dawn Kocher-Taylor Lenape Technical School Thank you for helping us put together our Business After Hours event.  We had a fantastic turn out to explain our business and services that we offer.  We enjoyed having the opportunity to meet the other chamber members, and learn about their businesses and how we could help them.  Business owners want to do business with people that are referred and trusted. Brian Anderson Method Automation Services We will and do recommend that ALL businesses and/or individuals, large or small, join the new chamber and take advantage of the many benefits of membership.  It has helped our business promote and sustain growth to become the leading Physical Rehabilitation Provider in the Alle Kiski Valley. Jeffrey A. Jacob WESTARM Physical Therapy/ WESTARM Homecare Nursing & Therapy With a career in the real estate industry that spans over 18 years, I am a huge believer in the power of networking, which is one of the biggest benefits of being a member of our chamber.  It has aided me tremendously in increasing both my professional and personal contacts Brandy L. Fabry RE/MAX Dynamic, REALTORS I attended the Chamber’s Networking Bingo event at the Belmont Complex. What a great way to make new connections! I met 25 other chamber members just by filling  out my bingo card. I had a lot of fun networking and finding out more about their businesses. Really looking forward to the next one!! Sylvia Schneider SendOutCards In addition to the benefits of Chamber membership, our company involvement is viewed as a contribution to the community at large.  And, it keeps us in tune with issues that affect the Allegheny Valley. Joe Gajdosik Curtiss-Wright EMD I would recommend the Chamber’s energy savings program to anyone interested in being proactive in this area, instead of reactive. Rich Celecki J.V. Manufacturing Co., Inc. “I believe that my participation in the Chamber’s Coffee and Connections event contributed to the success of our open house and resulted in the addition of 3-4 new clients for HealthWorks.” Josie Dodd Allegheny Valley Hospital Everyone we interacted with seemed to enjoy themselves and hopefully went away a little bit more knowledgeable about wine selection and what the Chamber has to offer to its members. Ron Scanlon McCall Scanlon & Tice, LLC “Belonging to the Alle-Kiski Strong Chamber of Commerce has helped me tremendously. It has helped get the company I work for get our name out.  Attending the Meet n’ Move and Constant Contact has really  helped with getting some qualified leads.” Kevin Gourley UniqueSource Products & Services Chamber Champion Sponsor Coffee & Connections Champion Sponsor MW Mechanical Services Quality Life Services Benefits Increased Visibility Networking Affordable Advertising Opportunities Education/Training Community Development Money Saving Affinity Programs "Why Join a Chamber" Video And Much More... Testimonials Joining the Chamber has many benefits. See what some of our members have to say! Read More Reviews Membership Directory Search or browse or member directory to find local businesses and services. View the Directory Join the Chamber Now! Growing a business is all about who you know.  You want to become the go-to business that everyone recommends.  To do it, get involved by joining our Chamber of Commerce. People trust people they know more than people they don’t.  Get to know more people. Sign Up On-Line -- Click Here Photo Gallery View our photo gallery WAKE:  Women of Alle Kiski Engaging works to empower Chamber members and to advance women's leadership in our local economy through networking, professional development and community engagement. MEMBER ADS “The Chamber has proved time and time again to be a great networking tool. We don’t just get new business from our membership we make new friends.” Laura Thimons J.E. Balicki & Assoc., Inc. “I would recommend the Chamber’s energy savings program to anyone interested in being proactive in this area, instead of reactive.” Rich Celecki J.V. Manufacturing Co., Inc. Alle Kiski Strong Chamber of Commerce Office Hours M: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM T: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM W: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM T: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM F: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM Contact Information P: 724-224-3400 F: 724-224-3442 E: lynda@akstrong.com A: 1525 Freeport Road Natrona Heights, PA  15065 Subscribe to our weekly eBlast! Email Address * Privacy by SafeUnsubscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn © 2025 | Alle Kiski Strong Chamber