Menu Home Municipal Profile Borough History Government Mayor Borough Manager Borough Council Boards & Commissions Borough Directory Code Enforcement & Zoning Zoning Map Tax Collector Open Records Policy Annual Budget Manager’s Message 2023 Audit Gas Well Fund Usage Report FAQ’s Zoning Map Building Permits Garbage & Recycling Seasonal Information Sidewalks & Alleys Taxes Winter Regulations Emergency Services Police Department Dauntless Fire Company Ebensburg Area EMS Cambria County 911 Water/Sewer/Stormwater Recreation Ebensburg Dog Park Ebensburg Tennis Center Ghost Town Trail Lake Rowena Memorial Field Parks and Playrounds Swimming Pool Young Peoples Community Center Events Art in Bloom Spring Art Show Memorial Day Parade & Ceremony Wheels & Wings Farmer’s Market Downtown Shutdown Ebensburg Homecoming Concerts in the Park American Legion County Fair Ebensburg PotatoFest Turkey Trot Dickens of a Christmas Other Services Arts and Entertainment Attractions Civic Organizations Churches Hospitals Public Library Senior Center Utilities Media Transportation Downtown Parking Lodging Dining Real Estate & Rental Properties Schools Elementary Schools Middle Schools High Schools Colleges & Universities Cambria County Industrial Development Corporation Home Business Genre Other Long Business Description The CCIDC is an economic development agency which recruits new business and assists existing businesses to support creation and retention of jobs for the benefit of our residents. Business Website Address http://www.cambriacountypa.org Business Phone Number 814-472-7420 Business Fax 814-472-7425 Business Contact Email cambria@twd.net Business Address 650 Industrial Park Road Ebensburg PA 15931 Upcoming Events Aug 8 Concert in the Park – Stacy & the Rejects Aug 15 Concert in the Park – John Miller & the Boys Aug 22 Concert in the Park – From the Top Aug 31 American Legion County Fair – Aug 31 – Sept 6 See All Events CONNECT WITH US! Ebensburg, PA. Local Time 3:13 PM Today August 8, 2025 Saturday August 9, 2025 Town Notices There are no notices at this time. About Ebensburg Borough Ebensburg Borough, the seat of Cambria County government, is situated on a plateau in the geographic center of the county along the eastern fringe of the Laurel Hill Ridge. Ebensburg is located 19 miles north of the City of Johnstown, 24 miles west of the City of Altoona. Phone Numbers Borough Office (814)472-8780 Borough Manager (814)472-8780 Police Department (814)472-8930 Ebensburg EMS (814)472-6700 Dauntless Fire Company (814)472-9281 Borough Office Address 300 West High Street Ebensburg, PA 15931 Phone: (814) 472-8780 Fax: (814) 472-8789 Email: eburg@ebensburgpa.com Search CONNECT WITH US! Home Municipal Profile Borough History FAQ’s Government Emergency Services Water/Sewer/Stormwater Recreation Events Other Services © 2016 Ebensburg Borough - EbensburgPa.com We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT