Skip to content Sign In Join Up About Us Tech Council Swag Fortyx80 DREAMS Coalition President's Message Staff Directory Board of Directors PTC in the News Events ATHENA CIO of the Year & Tech Titan Awards Golf Outing Huntington Bank Breakfast Briefing Information Technology Manufacturing Networking Public Policy Talent Tech 50 Women's Focused Member Events Virtual Archives Membership Testimonials Defense Robotics Business Development Talent Visibility Public Policy New Members Benefits Member Incentives Talent K12 STEM Entrepreneur HireUP Recruiting Events Professional Development LAUNCH Pittsburgh Career Connector Apprenti PGH Media TEQ Magazine OnRAMP Magazine State of the Industry Report 40 Stories Member News Tech Poster Podcasts Emerging Tech Law Series TechVibe Radio Pittsburgh Founder 10-Minute Tech Talks Health Care Reinvented Catalyst Connection Digital Bridge Advertising & Sponsorship Search Sign In Join Up × Fortyx80 The non-profit arm of the Pittsburgh Technology Council. About Fortyx80 Fortyx80, the non-profit arm of the Pittsburgh Technology Council, is supported through grants made by foundations, the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development, Educational Improvement Tax Credits, and seed funding from the Pittsburgh Technology Council. Startups in our region face challenges on their way to becoming anchor companies such as funding, market reach, entrepreneur experience, and availability of talent. In an effort to address these needs, Fortyx80 focuses on investing in the innovative ideas of Pittsburgh’s creative thinkers starting with our youngest minds. Fortyx80 is dedicated to supporting the entrepreneurs, workforce development, and the education efforts of our region. Our mission is to strengthen the region’s entrepreneurial framework through increased access to capital, educational programming, and nurturing pathways to technology talent with the goal of promoting southwestern PA. By focusing on helping local entrepreneurs and start-ups, expanding our offerings to include STEM learning and experiential opportunities for students, and working to bridge current workforce talent gaps, Fortyx80 is growing to help everyone succeed. Goals 1. To assist Pittsburgh’s entrepreneurs with global resources to fuel a vibrant economy. Learn more. 2. To connect our region’s students and educators with innovation companies to guide the future of tomorrow’s workforce. Learn more. 3. To provide training opportunities to nontraditional jobseekers to gain access and skills needed to fill IT job roles. Learn more. Interested in getting involved or contributing? Learn more. Help Support our Mission FortyX80 is seeking your support to fund our operational costs while developing and offering talent and workforce development programs and STEM engagement programs focused on accelerating the achievement of underserved students in our region. We target a minimum of 50 regional school districts from the 13-county region of southwestern Pennsylvania leveraging the benefits of our five programs along with the direct engagement of 1,500 to 2,000 students. Our events host students and teachers from over 150 different school districts, some of which have 35% of their student population living below the poverty line. In these districts with limited resources, exposure to programs that develop career readiness and encourage interest in exciting, high paying STEM careers works to improve the futures of our students. DONATE Interested in getting involved and/or contributing to Fortyx80? Stay Up To Date Want to keep in touch with the PTC? Sign up below and we will send you updates on all the new things going on in the world of Pittsburgh's tech sector. And don't worry, your email is safe with us. Sign Up SITEMAP About Us Events Membership Talent Media Podcasts Advertising & Sponsorship Contact Us Policies How to Join Copyright © 2025 Pittsburgh Technology Council. All rights reserved. Let us show you why you should join today. Contact us at 412-687-2700 or stop by the office at 100 South Commons, Suite 172, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 and say hello!