Contact Us Find Properties News & Media About Us Summer 2025 CEO Newsletter Indiana County Development Corporation Indiana County Chamber of Commerce Indiana County Tourist Bureau Indiana University of Pennsylvania Indiana County Commissioners News & Media Staff/Contact Us Strategic Advantages Key Industries Energy Manufacturing Health Care Agriculture Tourism Education Workforce Talent Success Stories 50 Largest Indiana County Employers  (3rd Qtr. 2024) Business Resources Indiana County Property Search & Analysis Incentives Financing Business Assistance & Services Workforce & Training Site Selection Data Center Workforce Data Talent Area Maps Live, Visit, Explore Arts & Entertainment Education Outdoor Adventures History & Heritage Media Center Contact Us Find Properties News & Media 724-465-2662 About Us Indiana County Commissioners Indiana County Chamber of Commerce Indiana County Development Corporation Indiana County Tourist Bureau Indiana University of Pennsylvania NFL Draft April 23 – 25, 2026 – Pittsburgh, PA – Up To Date Information Important News Summer 2025 CEO Newsletter CEO Newsletter Archives Regional & Local News Staff/Contact Us Strategic Advantages Key Industries Energy Manufacturing Health Care Agriculture Tourism Education Workforce Indiana County Profile January 2025 Talent 50 Largest Indiana County Employers  (3rd Qtr. 2024) 50 Largest Pennsylvania Employers  (3rd Qtr. 2024) Business Resources Indiana County Property Search & Analysis Community Search & Analysis Indiana County Business Parks Multi-Tenant Buildings Incentives Financing Business Assistance & Services Workforce & Training Site Selection Data Center Community Overview Demographic Data Workforce Consumer Expenditure Data Occupation Data Business Explorer Talent Pool Mapping & GIS Data 2020 U.S. Census Data Demographics For Indiana County Transportation & Access Map Center Live & Visit Outdoor Adventures State & Federal Recreation Sites Indiana County Parks & Recreation Facilities Public Recreation Centers Education Arts & Entertainment History & Heritage Collegiate Athletics County Agricultural Fairs & Community Festivals Video Tour Blog Page Urban Outfitters Fulfillment Center River Valley Academies of Saltsburg People.  Place.  Progress. Jimmy Stewart Airport IUP Homecoming October 4, 2025 (IRMC) serving Indiana County since 1914 Indiana County Fair August 24 - August 30, 2025 4th Of July Star Spangled Celebration Indiana County Conservation District Find Properties Search Workforce Learn More Talent Pipeline View Talent Discover Indiana County — The Christmas Tree Capital of the World Indiana County blends rich traditions with a forward-thinking spirit. Home to Indiana University of Pennsylvania, the county offers a vibrant mix of cultural, recreational, and entertainment opportunities year-round. Spanning approximately 827 square miles and home to over 83,000 residents, Indiana County boasts a high quality of life paired with a low cost of living. Ideally situated within a few hours of most major cities in the Northeastern United States, the county is accessible and attractive for residents and businesses. Indiana County is also a smart choice for business development. With strategically located business parks and abundant developable land, it’s the ideal place to launch or grow a commercial or manufacturing operation from the ground up. Build Your Future in Indiana County Whether you’re seeking a new site, robust infrastructure, financial support, a skilled workforce, or a welcoming community, Indiana County has the resources and environment to support your goals. Here, business success and quality living go hand in hand. Explore what makes Indiana County the right choice for your future It’s easier than ever to explore business opportunities in Indiana County. Browse our network: For governmental assistance: The Indiana County Commissioners For business connections: The Indiana County Chamber of Commerce For real estate: Indiana County Development Corporation For local attractions and tourism marketing: The Indiana County Tourist Bureau For consulting and training: Indiana University of Pennsylvania 4 There are 4 covered bridges in Indiana County 11 There are 11 public school districts in Indiana County 1855 The first Indiana County Fair 4 There are 4 business parks in Indiana County The Windy Ridge Business & Technology Park is an emerging business development located near the intersection of US Route 422 and State Route 286 in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Spanning nearly 200 acres, the park offers a premier environment featuring water elements, walking trails, and approximately 40 acres of wooded open spaces. 

For more information or to inquire about available properties, interested parties can contact the Indiana County Center for Economic Operations at 724-465-2662 or via email at info@indianacountyceo.com. Indiana University of Pennsylvania (IUP) offers a wealth of opportunities designed to foster academic excellence, personal growth, and professional development. The Oak Grove is the heart of Indiana University of Pennsylvania's (IUP) campus, offering a serene, park-like setting that serves as a central hub for students, faculty, and visitors. This picturesque area is characterized by its mature oak trees, manicured lawns, and inviting pathways, providing a natural retreat amidst the academic environment. The Indiana University of Pennsylvania (IUP) Libraries serve as a central resource for students, faculty, and the community, offering extensive collections and services to support academic and research pursuits. The main library complex comprises the Patrick J. Stapleton Library and the adjacent Rhodes R. Stabley Library, located at 431 South Eleventh Street, Indiana, PA 15705. Buttermilk Falls Natural Area. This site features an impressive 45-foot waterfall and scenic woodland. The 48-acre natural area was donated to Indiana County Parks in 1995 by the Keystone-Conemaugh Group, owners of the nearby Conemaugh Generating Station. Indiana Regional Medical Center (IRMC), located at 835 Hospital Road in Indiana, Pennsylvania, is a not-for-profit, 164-bed acute care community hospital that has been serving Indiana County and its surrounding communities since 1914. Top Downloads Unemployment Rate Up To 5.6% In January January 2025 Unemployment CEO Information Flyer CEO Flyer Financial And Technical Assistance For Employers WorkforceDev-Brochure_2020 Indiana County Map With Municipalities Indiana County Map Keystone Opportunity Zone (KOZ) Fact Sheet KOZ-FactSheet Keystone Opportunity Zone (KOZ) Overview Report 2011-2014 KOZ_Report View All Highlights The Indiana County Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) is a gap financing program providing low-interest, fixed-rate financing to businesses located in Indiana County. Eligible businesses can borrow 1/3 of their project, up to $250,000 of eligible costs, whichever is less with the borrower contributing 10%. The loan can be secured by a subordinated lien position on the collateral being financed. Jobs are required to be created and/or retained. For more information, contact the CEO at 724-465-2662. Learn More Thank You to Our Partners Success Stories Pittman, Struzzi Announce $9.1 Million in RACP Grants for Indiana County On November 1, 2024, Sen. Joe Pittman and Rep. Jim Struzzi announced $9.1 million in Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program (RACP) grants for four projects in Indiana County. Homer City Redevelopment, LLC – $5 million for a natural gas pipeline improvement project. Indiana County Commissioners […] Learn More When craft beer was a cool new trend in the cities, we were non-trepreneurs who worked our day jobs and home-brewed as a hobby.  Then we became obsessed with the idea of opening Levity Brewing Co. in Indiana, and suddenly the list of things and knowledge we needed became enormous.  The SBDC took our energy […] Learn More From elected officials to the Planning Office and in between, everybody went above and beyond to make our project happen.  It all happened pretty quickly—we came to Byron on a Friday and the very next day he had some answers for us.  Byron and the engineers carved out new boundaries to help us out when […] Learn More 801 Water Street Indiana, PA 15701 Phone: (724) 465-2662 Email: info@indianacountyceo.com Stay connected [+] Site Map | Privacy Policy | © 2021 Indiana County Center for Economic Operations. All rights reserved. Powered by About Us Indiana County Commissioners Indiana County Chamber of Commerce Indiana County Development Corporation Indiana County Tourist Bureau Indiana University of Pennsylvania NFL Draft April 23 – 25, 2026 – Pittsburgh, PA – Up To Date Information Important News Staff/Contact Us Strategic Advantages Key Industries Workforce Talent 50 Largest Indiana County Employers  (3rd Qtr. 2024) 50 Largest Pennsylvania Employers  (3rd Qtr. 2024) Business Resources Indiana County Property Search & Analysis Community Search & Analysis Indiana County Business Parks Multi-Tenant Buildings Incentives Financing Business Assistance & Services Workforce & Training Site Selection Data Center Community Overview Demographic Data Workforce Consumer Expenditure Data Occupation Data Business Explorer Talent Pool Mapping & GIS Data 2020 U.S. Census Data Demographics For Indiana County Transportation & Access Map Center Live & Visit Outdoor Adventures Education Arts & Entertainment History & Heritage Collegiate Athletics County Agricultural Fairs & Community Festivals Video Tour Blog Page