Skip to main content IUP 150 Student Support Find Your Degree Athletics Alumni MyIUP News Events Give Resources Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents News & Media Admissions & Aid Academics Research Life at IUP This Is IUP Search Apply Visit Give News Events Search Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Why IUP Visit IUP & Virtual Tours Tuition & Aid How to Apply First Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions Honors Admissions International Admissions Culinary Admissions Additional Admissions Pathways Academics Academics Find Your Degree Registrar's Office Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Libraries Colleges and Departments Research Research IUP Research Projects Research News and Events Student Researchers Research Centers and Institutes Resources for Researchers Research Institute Life at IUP Life at IUP Activities Around IUP Support Safety Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Housing and Dining This Is IUP This Is IUP Strategic Plan Achievements and History Leadership and Administration Campuses and Centers Contact Us Resources For: Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents News & Media Follow Us: Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Quick Links: Maps & Directions Report An Incident MyIUP Email Find People A-Z Index IUP Eberly College of Business Economic Development and Management Assistance Small Business Development Center Small Business Development Center Navigate Eberly College of Business Economic Development and Management Assistance Small Business Development Center Educational Programs Business Recovery and Resilience Program Online Educational Resources Resources Local Resources Useful Business Information Success Stories Renda Broadcasting: Pursuing New Markets Video Entrepreneurs Gallery IUP SBDC Talks:  Favorite Recent Client L.A. Tacos IUP SBDC Talks:  Success Stories - Plant-It Earth Informational Videos IUP SBDC Talks:  Acquisitions IUP SBDC Talks:  Be Your own Boss IUP SBDC Talks:  Internship Opportunities at the SBDC IUP SBDC Talks:  What is the SBDC Contact Us Driving Directions IUP SBDC Staff About the Small Business Development Center Mission and History Services: Core and Specialized Staff Expertise What to Expect COVID-19 Resources for Small Business News Events Forms for Clients FAQ Impact Helping today's entrepreneurs create tomorrow's economy. The Small Business Development Center at Indiana University of Pennsylvania seeks to grow the economy of Indiana County and the surrounding region by providing entrepreneurs with the education, information, and tools necessary to build successful businesses. We are in the process of integrating the delivery of services and educational programming with the University of Pittsburgh SBDC, which, among other things, will open up a broader range of educational program availability to our constituents. Persons seeking to contact the SBDC for help or to sign up for an educational program should follow the link below. Contacting the SBDC and Accessing Services The IUP SBDC provides consulting services and educational resources to entrepreneurs looking to start or grow a small business. From helping aspiring entrepreneurs turn ideas into businesses, to helping small firms expand, to providing the information every business person needs to make critical decisions, the SBDC is the resource entrepreneurs in all industry sectors can turn to for help. Help that can make the difference between success and failure. To contact the IUP SBDC office, please refer to the following information: Email: eswift@innovation.pitt.edu Phone: 724-357-5729 All services are provided by a staff of highly qualified consultants. All services are extended to the public on a nondiscriminatory basis. Special arrangements for persons with disabilities can be made by calling the number above. The Indiana University of Pennsylvania SBDC is sponsored by Indiana University of Pennsylvania and the Pennsylvania Small Business Development Centers. Funding support and resources are provided by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through the Department of Community and Economic Development , through a cooperative agreement with the US Small Business Administration , and through support from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. All services are extended to the public on a nondiscriminatory basis. All opinions, conclusions, or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. SBDC services are not available to individuals or entities that have been disbarred or suspended by the federal government. By agreeing to receive assistance from the SBDC you are self-certifying that you are not currently federally debarred or suspended and also agree to cease using SBDC services if you become federally debarred or suspended in the future. Eberly College of Business and Information Technology Small Business Development Center Eberly College of Business Room 108 664 Pratt Drive Indiana, PA 15705 Phone: 724-357-5729 Office Hours Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. Resources for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Friends Parents News and Media Quick Links Apply Now Campus Tours Athletics Libraries Colleges and Departments Find People Support & Safety Academic Support Health and Well-Being IT Support Emergency Information Report an Incident of Concern Accessibility Questions Connect MyIUP Email D2L Crimson Connect 1011 South Drive Indiana, PA 15705 Phone: 724-357-2100 Contact Us Maps & Directions Fraud, Waste, and Abuse Hotline Student Complaints Net Price Calculator Right to Know © 2007-2025 Indiana University of Pennsylvania