Skip to content Upcoming Events Become a Member Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Membership Centers Small Business Development Center (SBDC) Urban & Community Entrepreneurship Program Entrepreneurial Fellows Class PantherlabWorks About Events Blog Contact PantherlabWorks PantherlabWorks, the commercialization center of the Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence (IEE) at the University of Pittsburgh, assists startups and business owners in the Pittsburgh region by providing product development-based consulting, educational workshops, and networking opportunities. All Centers Explore Overview Commercialization Program Events FAQs Our Sponsors Team What We Do Helping entrepreneurs bring products to life and to market If you are bringing a new product to market, no matter if you’re a small-batch handmade producer, growth startup, small business, or established venture, PantherlabWorks can assist you every step of the way. PantherlabWorks offers no-cost consulting for innovators of all types to commercialize their products. With more than 50 years of combined experience across a variety of diverse industries, our staff has deep domain expertise in: Growth investment Government contracting (including SBIRs) Research and Development Product Development Prototyping Brand Development Market Research Project Management Business Planning Strategy We understand that launching a new product can be overwhelming so we use our premier expertise to help simplify the process and guide your project to completion. To schedule a meeting to begin working with PantherlabWorks, please contact us at 412-648-1544 or e-mail plw@innovation.pitt.edu . Frequently Asked Questions Become a Member Membership Levels Interested in membership? Centers SBDC Urban & Community Program Entrepreneurial Fellows Class PantherlabWorks About Events Blog Contact Us © Copyright 2025 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence | 3520 Forbes Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15261 Follow Us Subscribe Stay up to date with IEE news & events. First Name Last Name Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. © Copyright 2025 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence | 3520 Forbes Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15261