0 Skip to Content Pathways Fellowship Home FAQs Contact Join Waitlist Open Menu Close Menu Pathways Fellowship Home FAQs Contact Join Waitlist Open Menu Close Menu Home FAQs Contact Join Waitlist Ignite Your Entrepreneurial Journey with the Pathways Fellowship! Join Waitlist What is the Robotics Institute Pathways Fellowship? The Carnegie Mellon University Robotics Institute Pathways Fellowship is an immersive program crafted to empower entrepreneurs within the domains of robotics, manufacturing, and automation. The Pathways Fellowship blends essential components- including financial support, academic opportunities from Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), mentorship, and off campus supplemental opportunities- to ensure aspiring founders have the skills and supports needed to succeed. This program was created to elevate entrepreneurs who have faced barriers of entry within robotics, and we encourage them to apply. Waitlist Open Now The Pathways Fellowship offers: Academic Instruction at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) Entrepreneurial Workshops to Build Business Acumen Events and Gatherings for Networking and Continued Learning Financial Award Mentoring Certificate of Completion Learn Unlock your entrepreneurial potential through immersive learning experiences, cutting-edge knowledge, and expert guidance. Build Expand your network, cultivate essential skills, and accelerate your entrepreneurial growth to new levels. Thrive Flourish in a supportive ecosystem, gain confidence, and make a lasting impact as you thrive on your entrepreneurial journey. Eligibility You must meet the following criteria: You are a current or former resident of Southwestern Pennsylvania or have a connection to the region. You have a Bachelor's Degree or professional experience in any field. You have a vision for incorporating robotics or automation into your business. I Want More Information Program Benefits Exposure to topics and concepts from Carnegie Mellon University's Robotics Institute and the Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship. Benefit from a supportive ecosystem with tailored extra-curricular programming, empowering you to explore your robotic and entrepreneurial interests and prioritize personal well-being. Focus on your journey with peace of mind, thanks to a generous monthly living stipend of $3,750 throughout the academic yearlong scholarship. Add Me To the Waitlist Ready to join the August 2025 cohort? Here's what you can expect during the application process: Virtual interviews: Once your application is received, selected applicants will be invited for an interview. Program start date: The 2025 Pathways Fellowship Program begins in August 2025. Join Waitlist Important Dates March 13, 2025: Application Opens May 15, 2025: Application Closes June 30, 2025: Candidates Notified August 2025: Welcome and Onboarding Contributing Program Partners In 1989, Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) founded the world’s first doctoral program in robotics. Since then, more than 100 organizations continue to shape the robotics industry and develop some of the world’s largest commercial centers for autonomous mobile robots leading to Pittsburgh being known as the robotics capital of the world. Corey Turner, Director of Pathways Fellowship at Carnegie Mellon University InnovatePGH is a next-generation public-private partnership built to accelerate Pittsburgh’s status as a global innovation leader. Powered by a coalition of civic, university, and business leaders, the partnership is Pittsburgh’s platform to rapidly translate the city’s R&D strengths into a high-growth, inclusive, and equitable tech-based economy. The Southwestern Pennsylvania (SWPA) New Economy Collaborative, a coalition of the region’s leading university, philanthropic, and private sector leaders, received approximately $62.7 million to supercharge SWPA’s globally recognized robotics and autonomy cluster and ensure that its economic benefits equitably reach rural and coal-impacted communities in the 11-county region. Out of 500 applicants and 60 finalists, the SWPA New Economy Collaborative was one of 21 award recipients, receiving funding for five projects, including the Robotics Institute Pathways Fellowship. The Fellowship will support underrepresented technologists and entrepreneurs, connect them with mentorship and learning opportunities, and prepare Fellows for leadership positions and/or commercial success within the automation and robotics field. Privacy Policy Pathways Fellowship Terms of Service