Skip to the content Markets Markets Connectivity Defense & Aerospace Energy Fluid Handling Medical Precision Components & Tooling Capabilities Capabilities Production Services Metal Stamping Laser Cutting Reel to Reel Plating Injection & Overmolding Parts Assembly Precision Components & Tooling DFM Die Simulation Services Prototyping Precision Grinding Precision Machining Progressive Stamping Dies Additive Manufacturing Powder Compaction Tooling Can / Container Tooling Metal Forming Tooling Carbide Carbide Manufacturing Hard Metal Wear Components Precision Grinding Machines CNC & Manual Machines Rebuild Services About Us About Us Our Culture Literature & Information Quality & Environmental Careers Careers Careers at Penn United Compensation & Benefits Tradeshows & Events Manufacturing Training Contact Us Manufacturing, Apprenticeship & Customer Training Manufacturing, Apprenticeship & Customer Training Have a project in mind? Contact us today for more information or to request a quote. Contact Us Request Quote Learning Institute for Growth of High Technology The Learning Institute for the Growth of High Technology (L.I.G.H.T.) is a 17,000 square foot manufacturing training center located on the main campus of Penn United Technologies in Western Pennsylvania. L.I.G.H.T.’s main mission is to assess, design, and develop manufacturing training programs to meet the needs of our customers, employees, and community. The institute has classrooms and labs equipped with state-of-the-art manufacturing machinery and equipment to provide customized manufacturing training for both internal and external students. Customer Advanced Manufacturing Training L.I.G.H.T. offers manufacturing training to other businesses and industries through a roster of numerous hands-on manufacturing and metalworking courses using modern manufacturing equipment. In cases where the standard program or course is not to your specification, we can customize your training. We can train you at our L.I.G.H.T. facility or we can bring the training to your location. Courses We Offer Grinding Parallel and Perpendicular Planes 3-day Course This training module covers the fundamentals of making surfaces flat, square and parallel. The course continues into sharp corners, radii, centerlines, and tangent points. Rapidly changing technology has caused many shops to lose sight of these fundamentals. Recovering them can help even experienced craftsmen to greatly increase productivity. The key concepts of this course apply to most precision grinding operations. For effectiveness of presentation, the workshop is presented based on the surface grinding application. Request Info Jig Grinding 32-hr. Course This course is for the machinist who needs an entry-level course in the operation of a jig grinder. It covers the components, maintenance and safety of a Moore Jig Grinder. Operation basics of indicating, table positioning, workholding, and fixturing of the work piece. Spindle selection, air pressure adjustment, speeds and feeds as well as wheel selection. Hands on applications include jig-grinding basics of roughing and finishing holes while measuring with gage pins and bore gages. This course can be customized to your needs. A pre-requisite is the grinding application class or some previous experience in surface or jig grinding. Request Info Design for Manufacturing 1-day Course The topics covered in this seminar include: Type of material chosen for the stamped product. Assembly processes that need to take place. Possible ways to perform these assembly processes within the die. Specific features of the final product that have an affect on the stamping process will be looked at, as well as any secondary operations that must occur on the product and possible ways to reduce these operations. Also covered in this seminar will be an overview of the maintenance that needs to take place on the stamping die in order for it to perform up to expectations; and finally, an overview of the design process. Request Info Machining for Engineers 40-hr. Course This workshop is designed for the knowledge-based engineer who needs hands on applications of drilling, milling and turning operations. It covers general rules of thumb applied to drilling, milling and turning operations and includes resource material for tooling and cutting theory. There will be discussion of machine and work setups, machine capacities, speeds and feeds relating to specific materials types, tooling material and geometry, and discussion on general sequences of machining operations. Attendees will be shown demonstrations and given hands on experience. This workshop can be customized to your needs. Request Info “The Light Center, at Penn United Technologies, has truly been instrumental in our success as a tool shop at Westinghouse. Their instruction to Tool Makers on tools, tips, techniques and the like have measurably improved our shop productivity. Thank You” Wendell Joyner Westinghouse Electric Company Terms of Use Also of Interest Connectivity Our Culture - Penn United Design for Manufacturing (DFM) © 2025 Penn United Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. We use cookies to improve your experience. Please read our Privacy Policy or click Accept .