Skip to main content navSearch icon Give Apply Report A Concern Nittany Lion Shield Penn State Mark menu icon Academics expand icon Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Law Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions expand icon Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Law Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid expand icon How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Contact Research Athletics News expand icon Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About expand icon Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics expand icon Academics Undergraduate Studies expand icon Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies expand icon Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Law Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions expand icon Admissions Explore Penn State expand icon Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate expand icon Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate expand icon Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education expand icon Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools expand icon Professional Schools Penn State Law Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid expand icon Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid expand icon Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid expand icon Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid expand icon Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Contact Research expand icon Research Athletics expand icon Athletics News expand icon News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About expand icon About Mission and Values History expand icon History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership expand icon Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact expand icon Our Impact Stories of Impact Penn State New Kensington First-year and transfer applications are no longer being accepted at this location. pause icon Penn State New Kensington Home / Academics / Campuses / New Kensington Campus Facts gradCap icon Degrees 10 baccalaureate , 4 associate ; most of Penn State's 275+ programs start here as part of the 2+2 Plan star icon Clubs & Organizations 20+ student groups basketball icon Sports 7 teams in the PSUAC and USCAA podium icon Student-Faculty Ratio 16:1 person icon Students 456 undergraduate students home icon Housing Privately owned housing is available near campus Contact locationPin icon Address 3550 7th Street Road New Kensington, PA 15068 phone icon Phone 1-724-334-5466 email icon Email nkadmissions@psu.edu linkOut icon Website newkensington.psu.edu Visit Get connected to learn more about our degree programs, resources, and opportunities that await. You can also check out our full calendar of visits to see all available dates. Life at New Kensington Experience a top-notch Penn State education while enjoying a close-knit campus with endless opportunities. Enroll in engaging classes, join exciting student organizations, and make the most of intercollegiate athletics. Discover what makes New Kensington campus the perfect place to grow and thrive. chevronLeft icon chevronRight icon The Digital Foundry provides access to modern software tools and hands-on training by linking digital data and equipment in manufacturing, operations, and business management. You'll engage in cutting-edge research and receive workforce training, preparing you for successful careers in the industry. Stay active with a variety of fitness options right on campus. Enjoy the fitness center with weights and cardio equipment, play sports in the gymnasium or on the outdoor soccer field, and relax in the yoga and group fitness room.  Whether you're looking to stay fit, compete, or unwind, there's something here for you. Enjoy a variety of visual and performing arts. Browse the on-campus Art Gallery that showcases works from local, regional, and international artists. Catch exciting events and performances in the Forum Theatre, where you can experience musicals, plays, guest speakers, and more. Whether you're an art enthusiast or love live shows, there's always something to discover. Enjoy convenient dining with two great options on campus. The Junction offers Starbucks coffee, made-to-order sandwiches, flatbreads, and quick snacks for those on the move. Stop by Café 780 provides a range of choices including grilled delights, fresh pizza, custom sandwiches and salads, vegan and gluten-free options, and local favorites. Compete in a dynamic athletics program that champions both your academic and athletic goals. Embrace core values like leadership and unity while competing in a successful environment—our teams have earned thirty PSUAC titles and a USCAA national championship. Here, you'll develop skills, build lasting friendships, and thrive in a supportive community that values commitment and competitive spirit. Meet your dedicated student success coaches at the Academic and Career Success Center. Here, Career Services, Academic Advising, and Learning Center resources and tutors come together to support you. With personalized help navigating your academic journey and career plans, you'll be well-equipped to maximize your college experience and reach your goals. Kick off your career at Leader Launch, where students and recent grads connect with Penn State alumni and industry professionals. Explore career paths, discover internships and job opportunities in the Pittsburgh area, and learn how to stand out as a job candidate. The event ends with a networking dinner in Pittsburgh to build valuable connections with professionals and peers. Experience campus life just seventeen miles from downtown Pittsburgh. Enjoy Steelers and Penguins games, explore the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, or see Andy Warhol’s art. No matter your interests, you can discover the city’s vibrant culture and sports scenes. Explore unique health care degrees like biomedical engineering technologyand radiological sciences, featuring hands-on training in advanced campus labs and partner hospitals. Alternatively, you can earn two degrees in just five years with the accelerated 4+1 program in biobehavioral health, starting at the New Kensington campus and finishing with a master's of public health at Penn State’s College of Medicine in Hershey. Take a Virtual Tour I love the small class sizes and personal interactions with my classmates and professors. The wide range of clubs and activities, from academic to athletic, has helped me make lifelong friends both in class and on the field. Choosing Penn State New Kensington has been one of my best decisions. Izabel Kislan Criminal Justice Get a Degree Locally That's Recognized Globally Enroll in one of our degree offerings or begin nearly any of Penn State’s majors here. No matter how you learn and work, in whatever discipline you choose, you’ll emerge with the same Penn State degree. Majors at New Kensington Enroll in one of our campus degrees and enjoy personalized support, setting you up for success. Explore Majors 2+2 Plan Take advantage of our 2+2 plan and begin nearly any of Penn State’s 275+ majors here and finish at another. 2+2 Plan Campus Life Experience robust campus life through a range of activities and opportunities, from intercollegiate athletics and student organizations to leadership roles and events. Engage in student groups, meet new people, and develop leadership skills. Students also have the choice to commute or live in affordable off-campus housing nearby. Clubs and Organizations Clubs and Organizations Make connections through more than twenty groups brought together by shared interests in academics, culture, professional goals, and service. Athletics and Recreation Athletics and Recreation Take your athletic interests to the next level. Learn more about our seven varsity teams, club and intramural sports, fitness facilities, and campus recreation. Living at New Kensington Living at New Kensington Our community offers numerous off-campus housing options where students can study close to campus. Financing Your Education We are committed to ensure your investment in an education leads to high-quality opportunities in and out of the classroom and well beyond graduation. Through a variety of financial programs and resources, Penn State is ready to support you as you begin your path to success. Tuition We know costs are an important factor in any decision to invest in a college education. We want to help you make an informed choice. Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Learn about student financial aid, understanding requirements, and your eligibility. How Aid Works Nittany Lion Shield Penn State Mark Penn State Word Mark The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 instagram icon facebook icon linkedIn icon youtube icon tiktok icon Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Penn State Health Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2025