About About Members Premier Partners Board Members Team Ecosystem Profile RTAC Deep Tech Institute News Events Robotics & AI Discovery Day Jobs Contact Subscribe Pittsburgh is the Robotics Capital of the World The Pittsburgh Robotics Network facilitates commercial business growth and economic development opportunities for the Greater Pittsburgh region's robotics, autonomy, and AI cluster. This ecosystem is a globally recognized powerhouse of more than 125 advanced technology companies, offering 7,300+ high-impact jobs across 18 industry verticals, including autonomous transportation, defense, healthcare, agriculture, space, manufacturing and more. Together, we are not just shaping the future of technology—we're redefining the landscape of global innovation. View Our Robotics Ecosystem Profile Get Engaged Meet the Eyebot team, who are transforming asset visualization with precision, efficiency, and unmatched accessibility. Overseeing Pittsburgh's Robotics Ecosystem Resources for Successful Commercialization The Pittsburgh Robotics Network (PRN) offers comprehensive support to robotics businesses at every stage of their journey and fosters a vibrant community of entrepreneurs, engineers, and other professionals. We strategically connect companies in this deep tech ecosystem with the critical resources needed to grow their businesses via access to capital, business development opportunties, industry insights, supply chain needs, as well as early stage growth opportunities through mentorship programs, startup accelerators, and educational workshops. The PRN promotes a variety of multi-industry collaborations, which drive innovation and forge partnerships that lead to collective success. Matching Talent with Opportunity The Pittsburgh Robotics Network strengthens the talent pipeline through targeted initiatives, including talent matchmaking that aligns candidates with company needs, on-campus recruiting events, and a specialized robotics jobs board. We connect trainers with employers and survey industry trends to ensure that workforce development aligns with market demands. This proactively addresses the needs of both job seekers and employers. Global Recognition for our Leadership The Pittsburgh Robotics Network amplifies the important work of our companies that are changing the world, and highlights the pivotal role of Pittsburgh's robotics and autonomy ecosystem in driving innovation and economic growth across multiple industries. We communicate a compelling, unified story that positions Pittsburgh as a global leader of innovation, showcasing our companies at industry trade shows, hosting international delegations to foster collaboration, and attracting new business and investment opportunties that unlock commercial growth and success. Through curated global communication channels, we engage over 20,000 industry and policy stakeholders, solidifying this community's reputation on the world's stage. 125+ Robotics Industry Organizations 18 Industry Verticals $7.5 B Investments in Robotics Companies 20+ Academic & Research Organizations 7,300+ Employees #1 Robotics Doctorate Program in the World Meet Carnegie Robotics, builders of rugged autonomous vehicle solutions. The Region's Vibrant Robotics, Autonomy, & AI Ecosystem Listen, Measure, & Deliver Our organization provides programming and services to the robotics and autonomy companies operating in the Greater Pittsburgh region in order to help them be more commercially successful. We take a data driven approach, continuously surveying our ecosystem companies to get to the heart of what matters. Pittsburgh Robotics Ecosystem Snapshot Q2 2024 The Pittsburgh Robotics Network continuously engages with robotics, autonomy, and AI companies in Southwestern Pennsylvania, providing insights into the current and future landscape of advanced technology businesses in the region and identifying the resources needed for these companies to thrive and grow. View Q4 2024 Snapshot Meet Velo.AI and Hellbender Robotics, two of Pittsburgh fast growing robotics companies that engage the Pittsburgh Robotics Network. The PRN accelerates the growth and development of the Pittsburgh region's deep tech ecoystem. Storytelling Networking Events Business Webinars Working Forums Mentor Networks Community Initiatives Recruiting Events Talent Development Advocacy and Policy Upcoming and Recent Events August Robotics & Tech Happy Hour Date and Time: Aug 21, 2025 6:00 PM - 8:00 pm Location: Hop Farm Brewing Company Learn More and Register Robotics & AI Discovery Day 2025 Date and Time: Nov 5, 2025 9:00 AM - 6:00 pm Location: David L. Lawrence Convention Center Learn More and Register How AI Cuts Through Bureaucracy to Find Real Opportunities Date and Time: Aug 6, 2025 11:00 AM - 12:00 pm Location: Virtual Learn More and Register Physical AI: Accelerating Concept to Commercialization Date and Time: Jun 26, 2025 5:00 PM - 8:00 pm Location: Roost Learn More and Register View All Events Career Opportunities The Pittsburgh Robotics Network's job board connects robotics, autonomy, and AI professionals to new opportunities. Become a Member to Post a Job Find a Job The Southwestern Pennsylvania Robotics Talent Advisory Committee meets regularly to discuss ways to improve Pittsburgh's talent pipeline. Concierge Talent Services 1 on 1 Consulting We coordinate one-on-one meetings to assess your company's hiring needs, identify opportunities, and align with relevant regional investments. Collective Workshops We bring together universities, community colleges, local training groups, employers and economic development stakeholders to develop solutions. Peer Groups We organize the Robotics Talent Advisory Committee (RTAC) that unites robotics companies of all sizes and industries to discuss hiring trends and needs. News and Updates Pittsburgh Robotics Network Launches Deep Tech Institute for Leadership and Innovation to Accelerate Regional Commercialization and Talent Growth Jun 30, 2025 A New Professional Development Program to Grow Technical Talent and Leadership Capacity Across Pittsburgh’s Robotics, AI, and Deep Tech Sectors. Read More Pittsburgh Robotics Companies Head to Nation’s Largest Automation Event Apr 28, 2025 Pittsburgh Robotics Network and Allegheny Conference on Community Development Lead a Business Delegation to Detroit Read More View All News Get Engaged Experience the varied ways that you can get involved in the Pittsburgh Robotics Network The Pittsburgh Robotics Network connects diverse stakeholders within Pittsburgh's rapidly expanding deep tech ecosystem, centered in Southwestern Pennsylvania. Whether you're seeking to access top talent, build strategic business connections, collaborate with world-renowned research and development institutions, or tap into industry expertise, we're your gateway to innovation in the region. Reach out to get engaged in Pittsburgh’s thriving robotics community. Get Engaged The PRN hosts networking events at our member companies' offices. Pictured here our June 2024, Aurora event. Thank You to Our Partners Premier Partners Partners Get in Touch We look forward to hearing from you. Please complete the form that best relates to your inquiry. Member Requests Sponsorship Inquiries Partnership Inquires All Other Inquiries About About Members Premier Partners Board Members Team Ecosystem Profile RTAC Deep Tech Institute Contact Chat Contact Media Inquiries Member Service Requests Speaker Requests Submit News Vendor & Service Provider Requests All Other Inquiries Get Engaged Get Engaged Attend and Event Sponsor an Event Become a Member Become a Premier Partner Get to Know Pittsburgh News News Newsletter Job Board Find a Job Post a Job Robotics & AI Discovery Day Robotics & AI Discovery Day 2025 Become a Sponsor Become an Exhibitor Register to Attend Privacy Policy © 2025 Pittsburgh Robotics. All rights reserved.