724-836-2600 Make a donation Join the PIC Team Staff Login 40th Anniversary About All Programs Who We Are Meet Our Executives PIC News Family Resource Directories Corporate Training Center Contact Early Childhood Development Head Start / Early Head Start of Beaver County HSBC Pre-Application Annual Report HS/EHS Beaver County Headstart / Early Headstart of Fayette County HS/EHS Pre-Application Annual Report HS/EHS Fayette County Pre-K Counts Pre-K Online Application PIC Kidz Zone PIC Kidz Zone Pre-Application Education Adult Education Services College Level Examination Program® – CLEP Digital Literacy Classes Digital Connectivity GED® Test FAQ Pearson Vue® Test Locations Afterschool and Summer Enrichment Program DADS MATTER Education and Technology Institute (ETI) ETI Payment Page ETI Driving School Workforce Development EARN Program Youth Services Youth Services Overview Reaching Individual Success in Education and Employment (R.I.S.E) – In-School Youth Program R.I.S.E. (Reaching Individual Success in Education and Employment) – Out-of-School Youth Program Youth Re-Entry Programs Youth Work Experience Drone Education Program Resource Guide Employer Services Basic Workplace Skills cTORQ Assessment Customized Job Training Employer Tax Incentive Personnel Services Re-Entry Mentoring Program PA CareerLink® Veteran Programs Transportation Industry Partnership USDA Small Business Survey 724-836-2600 Make a donation Join the PIC Team Staff Login Bid Requests Lifelong Learning for a Successful Workforce Building tomorrow’s workforce in southwestern Pennsylvania through early childhood development, employment and training, education, and business services. All Programs Operating Engineers Workforce Development Education Early Childhood Development ETI Driving School PIC Kidz Zone Who we are Founded in 1983, the Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette, Inc. (PIC), is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that operates employment, education, and training programs in southwestern Pennsylvania. PIC assists youth, adults, dislocated workers, and the economically disadvantaged in reaching their educational goals, supporting their family growth, and obtaining training and employment. Click here to view our brochure Contact Us Our Mission Building tomorrow’s workforce in southwestern Pennsylvania through early childhood development, employment and training, education, and business services. We support this Mission by: Providing assistance to employers to meet their workforce needs. Identifying and removing employment barriers for individuals and families. Committing to a holistic approach in education, empowerment, and lifelong learning. Our Vision Strengthening the economy by improving the quality of life in southwestern Pennsylvania. We strive for lifelong learning for a successful workforce in the region. Our Values We strive for the highest level of performance and excellence in all we do. This means meeting all contractual, programmatic, and fiscal goals on an individual, team, and corporate basis. We endeavor to have the best possible relationship with all our stakeholders – funders, local communities, customers, employees, and collaborators – by being responsive to their needs, treating them with respect, and exceeding their expectations. We do so with the commitment, enthusiasm, flexibility, positive attitude, proactive approach, and teamwork necessary for continual success. PIC is featured on Pittsburgh Today Live for #ONEDAY campaign by L Ross | July 31, 2025 | News | 0 Comments The Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette, Inc. needs your help! We invite you to share information with your friends and family members about the important work we do and encourage them to join us in helping to make a difference. You have an opportunity to... Read More Getting Ready for a Great Head Start Year! Tips from Beaver County HS/EHS by L Ross | July 28, 2025 | News | 0 Comments As the new school year approaches, there are some simple steps parents can take to help prepare their child—and themselves—for a smooth start. Here are a few helpful tips: Participate in Home Visits or Open Houses: If your program offers a home visit or open house,... Read More PIC Receives Support from Live! Casino: The Giveback Program- Strengthening Workforce Initiatives by L Ross | July 24, 2025 | News | 0 Comments Read More Artificial Intelligence in Today’s World of Job Seekers by L Ross | July 21, 2025 | News | 0 Comments Artificial intelligence (AI) is profoundly reshaping how companies find and hire new employees. AI tools are being used to enhance efficiency, identify talent, and improve the overall hiring experience. AI offers numerous benefits for job seekers by streamlining the... Read More Digital Connectivity- FREE computer and internet access at 5 locations in Westmoreland/Fayette Counties! by L Ross | July 9, 2025 | News | 0 Comments Read More Lemont Furnace Head Start Classroom Children received nutrition bags from the TOP by L Ross | July 8, 2025 | News | 0 Comments Students from Benjamin Franklin Elementary’s 7th grade TOP (Teen Outreach Program) donated nutrition bags to all the children as take-home activities. The TOP program is a voluntary, nationally recognized, evidence-based program providing teens with the tools and... Read More PIC Celebrates Professional Family Development Graduates by L Ross | July 31, 2025 | Articles | 0 Comments 12 individuals from the Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette, Inc. received the Family Development Credential on July 30, 2025. Congratulations to: Stephen Hawk, Cindy Redmond, Sara Enlow, Alyssa Batronis, Krystal Noble, Hannah Smail, Frankie Stahl, Alexis... Read More #ONEDAY is August 5th. Critical Needs Alert: Please support the Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette, Inc. by L Ross | July 9, 2025 | Articles | 0 Comments Read More 2025 Drone Showcase Highlights Student Talent and Future Opportunities by L Ross | July 1, 2025 | Articles | 0 Comments The Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette hosted the 2025 Drone Showcase on Friday, June 27, 2025, celebrating the skills and achievements of students in its Drone Education Program. PIC’s Drone Program was made possible through the support of the... Read More Our Supporters News Watch Videos Helpful Links Make Donations Disclaimer Please be aware that the services of Private Industry Council are constantly changing and evolving. Any information contained on this website may refer to past events or services that are no longer available. In addition, programs and services may not be accurately or completely described. You use this website at your own risk and no warranties, express or implied, are made about the website or programs or services being offered. We are not responsible for any loss or injury whatsoever due to the content or your use of this website. Additional Info For the most up to date information on a particular program or service, or for general questions or concerns, please call our main office at 724-836-2600 or send e-mail for more information GED® and GED Testing Service® are registered trademarks of the American Council on Education (“ACE”). They may not be used or reproduced without the express written permission of ACE or GED Testing Service. The GED® and GED Testing Service® brands are administered by GED Testing Service LLC under license from the American Council on Education. Contact PIC  219 Donohoe Rd, Greensburg, PA 15601  724-836-2600 } Hours of Operation: Monday through Friday 8:00 am – 4:30 pm  info@privateindustrycouncil.com Follow Us Search Search for: Current Job Openings PIC Programs and Services Brochure Staff login Subscribe to the PIC Newsletter * indicates required First Name Last Name Email Address * Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette Inc. is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. Copyright © The Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette. Inc. | A Corkboard Concept Translate »