Skip to main content News Athletics Give to SVC Menu Search Apply Â Now Request Info Visit Â Campus Menu My SV News Community & Events Athletics Give to SVC Meet Saint Vincent Academics Admission & Aid Student Life Success after SVC Admitted Students Parents & Families Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Resources Current Students Request Info Visit Â Campus Apply Â Now Small Business Development Center Home Academics Academic Centers Small Business Development Center In This Section Academic Centers Center for Catholic Thought and Culture Center for Cybersecurity Studies Center for Northern Appalachian Studies Gary Quinlivan Operational Excellence Lab Foster and Muriel McCarl Coverlet Gallery James and Margaret Tseng Loe Center for China Studies Kennametal Center for Operational Excellence Small Business Development Center Verostko Center for the Arts Visiting Writer Series An accredited affiliate of the national network of Small Business Development Centers. Mission The mission of the Saint Vincent College Small Business Development Center is to grow the economy of the Westmoreland and Fayette County area by providing entrepreneurs with the education, information and tools necessary to build successful businesses. The Small Business Development Center at Saint Vincent College began in 1984. The Saint Vincent College SBDC is one of 18 Small Business Development Centers in Pennsylvania and is an accredited affiliate of the national network of Small Business Development Centers. The Saint Vincent College SBDC provides consulting services and educational programs to entrepreneurs looking to start or grow a small business in Westmoreland and Fayette Counties. From helping aspiring entrepreneurs turn ideas into businesses, to helping small firms expand, to providing the information every business person needs to make critical decisions, the SBDC is the resource entrepreneurs in all industry sectors can turn to for help -- help that can make the difference between success and failure. The Saint Vincent College SBDC is funded by: US Small Business Administration Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development United States International Trade Administration Saint Vincent College Private Sector Partners Funding support and resources are provided by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through the Department of Community and Economic Development, through a cooperative agreement with the U. S. Small Business Administration, and through support from Saint Vincent College. All services are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis. Special arrangements for persons with disabilities can be made by calling the Small Business Development Center at 724-537-4572. All opinions, conclusions, or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. Academic Centers Center for Catholic Thought and Culture Center for Cybersecurity Studies Center for Northern Appalachian Studies Gary Quinlivan Operational Excellence Lab Foster and Muriel McCarl Coverlet Gallery James and Margaret Tseng Loe Center for China Studies Kennametal Center for Operational Excellence Small Business Development Center Verostko Center for the Arts Visiting Writer Series Making An Impact By providing entrepreneurs and small businesses with the tools they require to build and grow successful businesses, the Saint Vincent College SBDC is having a positive impact on the Commonwealth. Client Impact During the Time Period of 10/1/22 to 9/30/23: Clients Served: 304 New Businesses Started: 33 Jobs Supported: 841 Capital Formation: $7,259,440 SBDC is awarded SBA Western Pennsylvania District, PA, and Mid-Atlantic Region Small Business Development Center of the Year The Small Business Development Center (SBDC) at Saint Vincent College was awarded the Western Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, Mid-Atlantic Region Small Business Development Center of the Year (2023) by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). Besting more than 45 centers in the region, the SBDC has assisted over 10,000 entrepreneurs bringing over $170 million into the economy since its inception in 1988. Seminars / Webinar Register for Programs https://pasbdc.ecenterdirect.com/events Upcoming SBDC in-person Programs: First Step to Small Business Success – April 17, 2024 Resources The Saint Vincent College Small Business Development Center goes to great lengths to ensure that business owners and aspiring entrepreneurs are armed with the resources necessary to make intelligent business decisions. With the link below, you will find an array of resources -- tools -- that will help you in your small business endeavors. Check back often as we continually update this section with the resources you deserve to help grow your business. https://www.pasbdc.org Other useful links: Westmoreland County http://www.co.westmoreland.pa.us Latrobe Chamber of Commerce http://www.latrobearea.com Westmoreland Chamber of Commerce http://www.westmorelandchamber.com Fay-Penn Economic Development Council http://www.faypenn.org/ Fayette County Chamber of Commerce http://www.fayettechamber.com/ Ligonier Chamber of Commerce http://www.ligonier.com Norwin Chamber of Commerce http://www.norwinchamber.com Environmental Management Assistance Program http://www.askemap.org/ Meet Our Staff James H. Kunkel Executive Director James Kunkel is the Executive Director of the SBDC. In this position, he heads a team of management consultants whose mission is to provide professional planning, technical assistance, education and information to small and medium sized businesses. Mr. Kunkel earned his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Management from Penn State University. He has also successfully completed faculty development certificate training in international business at the University of South Carolina and the American Graduate School of International Management (Thunderbird Management Center). In addition to his duties within the SBDC, Mr. Kunkel is also an adjunct professor at Saint Vincent College where he teaches two courses: Introduction to Entrepreneurship and Global Management. Timothy J. Bates Senior Business Analyst Tim Bates has been with the Center since 2000. He received a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Saint Vincent College. Tim began his career in the banking industry. From 1987-1990, he was employed with First Virginia Bank of Falls Church, Virginia, where he managed a retail branch office. He specialized in business loan development and relationship development as well as consumer loan development. Following this, he worked for National City Bank of Pennsylvania from 1990-1999. His duties with the institution included business development in all industry sectors for loan needs under $500,000. He also worked to develop a SBA Loan portfolio for a 3 branch network. During this time, he became proficient in agriculture lending through the use of the Farm Service Agency (FSA), the Guaranteed Lending arm of the USDA. Through this work, he developed a working relationship with the Westmoreland County Penn State Cooperative Extension Office. Anita Hudock Office Manager Anita Hudock has been with the SBDC since 1990. She serves as Office Manager for the Center. Her responsibilities include preparing, maintaining, and monitoring the Center’s fiscal budget activity and all grant-related records as required by both Federal and State funding source guidelines. As Office Manager she compiles and analyses cost data reports and prepares monthly invoicing, expenses reports, travel requisitions and invoices for payment. She also maintains and oversees records of staff productivity, grant deliverables, economic impact and small business milestones. In addition, she maintains and develops ties with the Center’s legislative offices, other economic development groups, and community offices to advance and promote the marketing objectives of the center. She has over 26 years of office experience, including her position as Executive Administration Assistant with a large workers compensation/general liability insurance firm. Contact Us The Saint Vincent College SBDC is open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at these locations: Saint Vincent College 300 Fraser Purchase Road Aurelius Hall - First Floor Latrobe, PA. 15650 Downtown Latrobe Office 911 Ligonier Street, Suite 102 Latrobe, PA. 15650 Phone Number: 724-537-4572 Outreach Centers Fayette County Area Fay - Penn Economic Development Council 1040 Eberly Way, Suite 200 Lemont Furnace, PA 15456 Fayette County 724-437-7913 Frequently Asked Questions How do I get financing? The SBDC does not provide direct financing. Our consultants work with banks and other lending agencies and organizations to assist in putting together financial projections, but the actual financing comes from the lender. What grants are available for my business? Generally, grants are not available for starting up a small business. There are grants through federal and state resources, as well as the private sector, for some research and development projects, high-tech businesses, and other specialized areas. Your local public library will have complete listings in the Reference Department. Can I get help from the SBDC if my business is set up as a non-profit business? Because of the SBDC's funding guidelines, the Center is not able to assist businesses that are established as not-for-profit. Who pays for the SBDC program? The SBDC is part of a state-wide network of colleges and university centers (PASBDC) which is a joint venture of federal, state, and private sector agencies and organizations including the US Small Business Administration and the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic development. Each agency, along with the host university, contributes to the financial support of the program. What are the requirements of the program? To receive assistance from the Saint Vincent College SBDC, your business should be located in Westmoreland or Fayette counties. My business has been established for some time. How can the SBDC help me? The SBDC provides one-on-one consulting in business planning, marketing and promotion, financial analysis, and accounting. In addition, a Procurement Assistance program is available for companies that want to bid on Federal government contracts. An International trade program is available for firms that want to enter into or expand in the global marketplace, engineering development services are available for firms developing new products, and an Environmental Management Assistance program is also available. What is the cost for the SBDC services? The SBDC provides no-fee consulting services. Minimal fees are charged for seminars and workshops to cover costs of instructors, materials, etc. What can I expect from my consultant? At your initial meeting, your consultant will review your business proposal, determine a course of action and identify areas of responsibility for both of you. Your consultant will then follow-up with an engagement letter detailing your meeting and listing the items each of you will be working on, along with an estimated time frame for completion. How long will it take to write a Business Plan? A well thought-out business plan generally takes from six months to a year to complete, but can be less depending on how committed you are to the business, and how much time you are willing to spend on writing your plan. Your business plan is a joint venture with your consultant. The SBDC consultant will not write a business plan for you. The writing of the plan is an educational process in which you learn about your business and how you expect it to operate. It should reflect your goals, objectives, priorities, and management style. How can the SBDC help someone just thinking of starting a business? The Saint Vincent College SBDC offers a Pre-venture seminar for those individuals who want general information on starting a business, or who are in the initial start-up phase. This seminar provides the basics for getting a business up and running. Upon completion of the start-up seminar, individual consulting services are available. Your project will be assigned to a consultant who will guide you through the development process. Contact Us Small Business Development Center Phone: 724-537-4572 Email: sbdc@stvincent.edu Academic Centers Center for Catholic Thought and Culture Center for Cybersecurity Studies Center for Northern Appalachian Studies Gary Quinlivan Operational Excellence Lab Foster and Muriel McCarl Coverlet Gallery James and Margaret Tseng Loe Center for China Studies Kennametal Center for Operational Excellence Small Business Development Center Verostko Center for the Arts Visiting Writer Series 300 Fraser Purchase Road Latrobe, PA 15650-2690 P: 724-532-6600 Apply Now Request Info Visit Campus Directory News MySV Portal Bookstore Library Maps and Directions Careers Academic Accommodations Consumer Information Sexual Misconduct And Title IX Policies Site Map Â© 1887-2025 Saint Vincent College. All rights reserved. Privacy/Legal Back to Top