0 Skip to Content About Mission Team Manufacturers Overview Funds Manufacturer Connections Hardware Entrepreneurs Overview Funds Manufacturing Bootcamp Educational Resources Mfgr Database Contact Open Menu Close Menu About Mission Team Manufacturers Overview Funds Manufacturer Connections Hardware Entrepreneurs Overview Funds Manufacturing Bootcamp Educational Resources Mfgr Database Contact Open Menu Close Menu Folder: About Back Mission Team Folder: Manufacturers Back Overview Funds Manufacturer Connections Folder: Hardware Entrepreneurs Back Overview Funds Manufacturing Bootcamp Educational Resources Mfgr Database Contact Scalable Funds: Take your idea to the next stage The Scalable Grant Program is designed to encourage hardware entrepreneurs to form strong relationships with local manufacturers in southwestern Pennsylvania. No more long-distance partnerships. No more precarious supply chains. Just the local, strong manufacturing connections you need to bring your prototype to production. Submit your idea How does it work? Our model empowers entrepreneurs to advance from the prototype stage into production by providing startups with a reimbursement grant of up to $25,000 as an incentive to build lasting relationships with local manufacturing partners. Submit your idea Learn more Think your company is the right fit? Check out our eligibility criteria to get started. Eligibility Criteria Bring your idea to life like Plant Traps Deborah received Scalable funds to work with two local manufacturers that helped take her idea from prototype to store shelves! Read about Deborah's journey here Have questions? We have answers. Q: Do I need to have a manufacturer lined up for my project to be considered for Scalable funds? A: Nope! We encourage you to complete our intake form early and often. Once we have an idea of what you’re trying to accomplish, we can help you find the right supplier and strengthen your proposal. It’s important to know that your proposal can’t be funded without a quote from an eligible supplier. Q: Which companies are eligible for Scalable funds? A: Any Pennsylvania-based startup can receive Scalable funds as long as they are utilizing small to mid-sized manufacturers located in one of the following 9 counties: Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Greene, Lawrence, Washington, or Westmoreland. Check out our Scalable Database or schedule a meeting i f you need help finding a supplier. Q: How quickly can I receive funds from Scalable? A: This depends on the time of year, funding source, and project. It’s safe to assume that the fastest you would be able to receive funding is 6 weeks, but most projects will take about 10-12 weeks between application and receipt of first funds. View More FAQs Ready to see what our connections are all about? Let us show you how the Scalable Innovation Grant can take your product to the next stage. Apply Now Schedule a Meeting Two Allegheny Center, Suite 100, Pittsburgh, PA 15212   |   info@innovationworks.org Site by Imagebox