Skip to main content Confirm opening of the external link You are now leaving the official SCORE website. You will be redirected to a website beyond our control. This content will open in a new tab. Please review their terms, privacy policies, and relevant information before engaging or providing personal details. SCORE does not endorse or take responsibility for the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of these third-party websites. Cancel Continue Use my current location Tell Congress: Protect SCORE’s Funding SCORE’s funding is vital for small businesses in every state. Congress needs to hear from you why securing funding for FY26 is critical. Your voice matters—help us continue to support entrepreneurs nationwide. Contact Congress Now About SCORE Pittsburgh SCORE Pittsburgh and our volunteer business mentors are dedicated to providing the best possible service to help small business owners achieve their goals. Our mentoring and resources are free to use. We also offer low to no-cost business workshops. Find a Mentor Take a Workshop For the Life of Your Business SCORE Pittsburgh is a group of experienced business professionals who guide those desiring to start up a new small business or assist existing small businesses in improving their profitability. Our volunteers are experts with experience in areas such as; accounting, finance, human resources, consulting, import/export, law, operations, production, retail, wholesale, manufacturing, sales, marketing, management, business plan preparation, strategic planning, and many other business disciplines. We provide: Volunteer MENTORS who share their expertise across many industries Free, confidential business mentoring in person, via email, or by video Free business TOOLS , templates, and tips here online Inexpensive or free business WORKSHOPS (locally) and webinars (online 24/7) Give Us A Call (412) 395-6560 x 130 Main Office Location 3 Parkway Center Dr S, Suite 375 Pittsburgh, PA 15220 Contact Us Your Name Your Email Subject Message Leave this field blank CONNECT 3 Parkway Center Dr S, Suite 375 } Pittsburgh, PA 15220 (412) 353-3577 Sign up for SCORE's Newsletter Copyright © 2025 SCORE Association, SCORE.org Funded, in part, through a Cooperative Agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration. All opinions, and/or recommendations expressed herein are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. Chat generously provided by: In partnership with Consent Preferences Jump back to top