About Us The Commission The Corporation The Region We Serve Our Team Careers Doing Business With SPC RFPs and RFQs Audits and Annual Budgets Annual Reports Open Records Request Programs & Services Transportation LRP/TIP/SmartMoves Southwestern Pennsylvania Connected – Equitable Broadband Access Multimodal Transportation Operations & Safety Regional Safety Action Plan Data & Modeling Workforce & Economic Development Grant Technical Assistance Environmental Programs Regional Climate Pollution Reduction Plan Water Resource Center Small Business Support CommuteInfo Get Involved! Learn How to Get Involved With Us Public Participation Plan Title VI and ADA/Nondiscrimination Resources & Tools Publications & Document Archive Regional Data Center Transportation Performance Management Congestion Management Process GIS Center Highway Performance Monitoring System Funding Programs News & Events News Events Press Releases 2025-2026 Calendar Monthly Newsletters Contact Us Search Search for: Search for: English X العربية 简体中文 Nederlands English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Русский Español Menu Search for: English X العربية 简体中文 Nederlands English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Русский Español About Us The Commission The Corporation The Region We Serve Our Team Careers Doing Business With SPC RFPs and RFQs Audits and Annual Budgets Annual Reports Open Records Request Programs & Services Transportation LRP/TIP/SmartMoves Southwestern Pennsylvania Connected – Equitable Broadband Access Multimodal Transportation Operations & Safety Regional Safety Action Plan Data & Modeling Workforce & Economic Development Grant Technical Assistance Environmental Programs Regional Climate Pollution Reduction Plan Water Resource Center Small Business Support CommuteInfo Get Involved! Learn How to Get Involved With Us Public Participation Plan Title VI and ADA/Nondiscrimination Resources & Tools Publications & Document Archive Regional Data Center Transportation Performance Management Congestion Management Process GIS Center Highway Performance Monitoring System Funding Programs News & Events News Events Press Releases 2025-2026 Calendar Monthly Newsletters Contact Us Plan. Collaborate. Grow. Search for: How SPC Makes a Difference Our organization is steadfastly committed to keeping our region connected and moving forward. We work with local, state and federal partners to plan for the continued growth of Southwestern Pennsylvania. As part of that work, we help counties, cities, municipalities and townships access over an estimated $39 billion in state and federal transportation and economic development funding that has been allocated to the region through 2045. Together, we are enhancing our region’s competitiveness in the national and global markets. Learn More Learn More! Our organization serves Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Greene, Indiana, Lawrence, Washington and Westmoreland Counties, as well as the City of Pittsburgh. We encourage you to get involved and learn more about SPC! Events Calendar Get Involved! SPC Programs Transportation Learn how our regional plan invests in improving mobility for SWPA Economic Workforce & Development Identifying priority needs of local communities to foster economic development Small Business Support Providing loans, procurement and export assistance Environmental Programs Fostering regional collaboration on environmental issues CommuteInfo Promoting ridesharing solutions for commuters What’s Happening at SPC Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission Unveils New Safety Plan Duo Jul 1, 2025 The Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission (SPC) is proud to announce the approval of two transformative plans on June 23, 2025, aimed at improving transportation and safety across the 10-county region. The Active Transportation Plan (ATP) is a cutting-edge tool tailored for Read more Fayette County – Heartland Fabrication Barge Launch May 28, 2025 Recently SPC visited Heartland Fabrication in Fayette County to witness the vital role they play as a manufacturer in our region. This video showcases the impressive launch of a newly constructed barge into the Monongahela River. Located right here in Read more Penn Hills’ Chris Blackwell is 2025 Recipient of Joseph A. James Award Feb 18, 2025 The Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission (SPC) and the Local Government Academy (LGA) are proud to announce Chris Blackwell, Director of Planning at the Municipality of Penn Hills, as the recipient of the 2025 Joseph A. James Award. The Award is given Read more Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission 42 21st Street, Suite 101 | Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Directions | Civil Rights Program P: (412) 391-5590 CommuteInfo SPC Water Resource Center Newsletter Signup Copyright © 2019 Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission. All Rights Reserved. General Disclaimer