Toggle Navigation Home Overview Workforce Training Upcoming Programs! Promo Videos Ruff Creek Campus Intro to Mechatronics Program CDL (Commercial Truck Driving) Courses Mechatronics Incumbent Worker Program Apprenticeship Programs Free Online MSHA Training Contact Us Meet the Staff Locations Links Search for: UMWA Career Centers, Inc The UMWACC was created to provide job training services for all those living in the rural coal mining communities of Appalachia! Ruff Creek Campus About Us The UMWA Career Centers, Inc. is a non-profit 501c3 that receives state and federal grants to provide services to individuals from the communities of Appalachia. From Mine to Education The UMWACC was created in 1996 to provide services to dislocated coal miners and has evolved into a full-service workforce training center. Workforce Training The UMWACC focuses on providing workforce training for adults in rural coal mining communities of Appalachia, catering to both incumbent workers and new entrants to the workforce. Meet The Staff We demonstrate a commitment to addressing the diverse needs and interests of our students by offering a range of approved training programs. The goal is to equip individuals with the skills and knowledge necessary for occupations in demand. Clemmy Allen–Executive Director, UMWA Career Centers, Inc. We shall continue our program to serve the rural mining communities of Appalachia. We shall work with their children at risk. We shall work to provide job training, education, and job placement opportunities to workers and their families living in and rural Appalachia and/or dislocated from the mining industry. We shall partner with like-minded organizations to revitalize America’s coal regions. This site covers the UMWA Career Centers, Inc.; headquartered  in Prosperity, PA with our field office in Beckley, WV.  Our satellite offices are located in Pennsylvania and West Virginia.  To obtain office locations, contacts and phone numbers,  click the Contact Us link at the top. The UMWA Career Centers, Inc. is made possible by grants from the United States Department of Labor, MSHA, The US Economic Development Administration and other State and local Workforce Investment agencies. Recent News Look at recent news on the UMWA Career Centers, Inc News UMWA Career Center, Inc Expands Online Presence, Urges Followers to Connect In a bid to enhance engagement and outreach within the community, the UMWA Career Center at Ruff Creek has announced the expansion of its social media presence across multiple platforms. The move aims to connect Read more… News Ruff Creek Campus Upcoming Training Attention, Pennsylvania residents! Are you a resident of any of these 11 amazing counties in Pennsylvania? Allegheny Armstrong Beaver Butler Cambria Fayette Greene Indiana Lawrence Washington Westmoreland If so, the UMWA Career Center has an Read more… Get in Touch Find us at the office UMWA Career Centers, Inc. 197 Dunn Station Road Prosperity, PA  15329 Give us a ring Pennsylvania Office: 724-223-9332 Beckley, WV: 304-253-3772 Contact Us First Name Last Name Your Email Your Phone Number Your Address Your City Your State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Your Zip Code Select what you have a question about! —Please choose an option— Intro to Mechatronics Program CDL (Commercial Truck Driving) Courses Mechatronics Incumbent Worker Program Apprenticeship Programs Other (Include this in your message!) Subject Your Message Δ Facebook Instgram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Hestia | Developed by ThemeIsle