Skip to content Upcoming Events Become a Member Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Membership Centers Small Business Development Center (SBDC) Urban & Community Entrepreneurship Program Entrepreneurial Fellows Class PantherlabWorks About Events Blog Contact Small Business Development Center (SBDC) The University of Pittsburgh’s SBDC, part of the Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence, is a resource for small business owners that provides consulting, workshops, and other specialty business-building support at all stages of the business lifecycle. All Centers Explore Overview Center of Excellence Events FAQs Locations Our Sponsors Resources Spotlight Team What We Do Overview The mission of the Small Business Development Center at the University of Pittsburgh is to grow the economy of Western Pennsylvania by providing entrepreneurs with the education, information and tools necessary to build successful businesses. Established in 1979, we have built an impressive record of service to our clients. The SBDC is a member of the Pennsylvania SBDC and the Association of Small Business Development Centers (ASBDC) networks. As a member of these networks, we are able to draw on a rich base to provide our clients with a comprehensive range of business services for every stage of development. No matter what the business or industry, SBDC’s highly-skilled consulting team has experience spanning the business lifecycle and are here to make sure that your business not only survives, but grows. Funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration. All opinions, conclusions or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. All services extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis. Language assistance services are available for limited English proficient individuals. © 2023 Pennsylvania Small Business Development Centers. All Rights Reserved. Funding support and resources are provided by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through the Department of Community and Economic Development; through a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration, and through support from the University of Pittsburgh. All services are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis. Language assistance services are available for limited English proficient individuals. Special arrangements for persons with disabilities can be made by calling 412-648-1542 at least two weeks in advance. All opinions, conclusions or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. SBDC services are not available to individuals or entities that have been debarred or suspended by the federal government. By agreeing to receive assistance from the SBDC you are self-certifying that you are not currently federally debarred or suspended and also agree to cease using SBDC services if you become federally debarred or suspended in the future. Frequently Asked Questions Become a Member Membership Levels Interested in membership? Centers SBDC Urban & Community Program Entrepreneurial Fellows Class PantherlabWorks About Events Blog Contact Us © Copyright 2025 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence | 3520 Forbes Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15261 Follow Us Subscribe Stay up to date with IEE news & events. First Name Last Name Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. © Copyright 2025 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Institute for Entrepreneurial Excellence | 3520 Forbes Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15261