Skip to content The URA logo The URA logo Image of a white flag About Us Mission, Vision and History Impact URA Impact Stories and Project Portfolio Avenues of Hope Initiative Housing Opportunity Fund Reports Board Meetings Our Affiliates and Partners Directory Employment Opportunities Funding & Services Housing Small Business Support Development Real Estate Properties Proposals & Bids News Events Contact Search Icon Search Search Icon City of Pittsburgh Calendar of Events Jobs @ URA Non-Discrimination Policy Sitemap Newsletter Archive Image of a white flag advancing inclusive growth The Urban Redevelopment Authority is here for Pittsburgh. Successful economic development is not just about building projects, it’s about building people and forming mutually beneficial partnerships to transform the places in which we live for the betterment of all. Image of an arrow pointing down Our Stories Floriated Interpretation is a Community Business in Full Bloom “They believed in me. Because they believed in me, they invested in me. They believed in me and my dreams. I will never forget that.” Learn More A hobby became a profession for Jamal Etienne-Harrigan, owner of Uncle Jammy's Sauces “Sometimes you have to make a decision to go pro. It went from a hobby I loved to my profession.” Learn More David and Katie Gancy, new owners of Frick Park Market, expand on a community legacy “We truly were smitten with the building and business...There is so much important history here for the neighborhood and community. We love the history and the community support." Learn More View All Stories Our Projects Image of a blue flag Lower Hill The 28-acre Lower Hill redevelopment will have a significant impact on the Hill District and entire Pittsburgh region. Part of this redevelopment involves transitioning land currently used as surface parking into a mix of office, retail, and housing, including the creation of a shared parking district. Learn More Image of a blue flag Swisshelm Park Solar Remediation and redevelopment of property in the City of Pittsburgh's Swisshelm Park neighborhood Learn More Image of a blue flag Downtown Revitalization The URA is part of a local coalition working to reposition Downtown Pittsburgh as a vibrant, world-class destination with diverse housing options, enhanced public spaces, and improved safety and cleanliness. Learn More View All Projects In Q1 of 2025, the URA and its affiliates Provided 14 Small Business Loans or Grants Invested $606K in Small Businesses Created/Preserved 86 Affordable Units Invested $5.4M in Affordable Units Assisted 143 Residents Facing Housing Crisis Invested $224K+ in Vacant Property Maintenance The URA is here for Pittsburgh's residents, neighborhoods, and businesses. Learn more about our quarterly impact Image of an arrow pointing right Featured Areas of Website Available Properties Learn More News 7.16.25 PHDC, MSCG, and Community Celebrate Rehabilitation of Affordable Homes in Marshall-Shadeland Learn More 7.8.25 URA Announces Housing Opportunity Fund 2024 Annual Report is Now Online Learn More 6.20.25 Coffee and Community are Brewing at Ghost Coffee Collab Learn More 6.20.25 Home Repairs Help Carrick Homeowner Create a Lasting Family Haven Learn More 5.16.25 African Queens finds new beginning on Centre Ave. with 12 affordable apartments Learn More 5.1.25 Annual Affordable Housing Public Survey Open through July 31, 2025 Learn More 4.7.25 Swisshelm Park Solar Remediation Work Begins Today Learn More 4.1.25 URA Warns of Home Warranty Scam Targeting Local Homeowners Learn More View all News Image of an arrow pointing right Events 8.19 2025 Small Business Office Hours at the Homewood CEC Learn More 9.2 2025 Small Business Office Hours at the Homewood CEC Learn More 9.2 2025 Housing Opportunity Fund Advisory Board Meeting Learn More 9.10 2025 URA in the Neighborhood Learn More 9.11 2025 URA Regular Board Meeting Learn More 9.16 2025 Small Business Office Hours at the Homewood CEC Learn More 10.7 2025 Small Business Office Hours at the Homewood CEC Learn More 10.7 2025 Housing Opportunity Fund Advisory Board Meeting Learn More View all Events Image of an arrow pointing right Board meeting notices, agendas and minutes Image of an arrow pointing right Stay up to date. Sign up for our emails Image of an arrow pointing right Image of a blue flag with the tagline "Here is the ura" Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh
412 Boulevard of the Allies
Suite 901
Pittsburgh, PA 15219 P: 412.255.6600 F: 412.255.6617 inforequest@ura.org Facebook Twitter Asset 1 Asset 1 Right to Know Policy City of Pittsburgh Calendar of Events Jobs @ URA Non-Discrimination Policy Sitemap Newsletter Archive Website Design & Development: Wall-to-Wall Studios Scroll Up