Home About Us Latest Updates Apprenticeships Navigator Program Sector Partnerships Our Board More Home About Us Latest Updates Apprenticeships Navigator Program Sector Partnerships Our Board Home About Us Latest Updates Apprenticeships Navigator Program Sector Partnerships Our Board KDP develops and manages workforce programs that help ensure businesses have the talent they need to thrive.   We bring together employers, unions, training providers, industry associations, community-based organizations and public agencies to collaborate on initiatives that strengthen communities. Our Work Apprenticeships Sector Partnerships Sector Partnerships Apprenticeships are helping business train qualified workers in more than 1,000 occupations, including careers in health care, information technology, transportation, and energy. Learn more Sector Partnerships Sector Partnerships Sector Partnerships Industry Partnerships bring together business, education, workforce development, economic development and community organizations to address the workforce and other competitiveness needs of the targeted industry. Learn more Our Services Employers Employers Employers KDP assists companies with all aspects of developing apprenticeship programs, including registration, customizing curriculum, identifying training partners, and validating work processes. Unions Employers Employers KDP works with local unions and their employers to develop, sponsor and manage apprenticeship programs with respect to collective bargaining agreements. Training Providers Workforce & Economic Development Workforce & Economic Development KDP aligns training providers with apprenticeship sponsors to customize curriculum. Workforce & Economic Development Workforce & Economic Development Workforce & Economic Development KDP helps public agencies develop and grow apprenticeship initiatives and industry partnerships, including assistance with program management, staff capacity building, and employer and union engagement. Will Scott, SMART Program Administrator at Build Your Dream (BYD), Electric Bus Manufacturer Will Scott, SMART Program Administrator at Build Your Dream (BYD), Electric Bus Manufacturer Will Scott, SMART Program Administrator at Build Your Dream (BYD), Electric Bus Manufacturer “The value of our partnership with KDP can not be overstated. KDP’s guidance was very instrumental in helping to bring the Labor/Management teams of the BYD-SMART Joint Apprenticeship & Training Committee  together. Curriculum development, start-up costs, and train-the-trainer resources are only a few of the benefits we’ve received throughout our partnership with KDP.  We couldn’t be happier.” Kieran Martin, International Representative United Auto Workers (UAW) Region 9 Will Scott, SMART Program Administrator at Build Your Dream (BYD), Electric Bus Manufacturer Will Scott, SMART Program Administrator at Build Your Dream (BYD), Electric Bus Manufacturer “The work that KDP does is critical to setting up partnerships between local colleges, companies and the UAW to get people training in the skills needed to fill these good paying jobs. I look forward to working with KDP in the future and keep up the great work for the UAW and the people of Pennsylvania ." Dan Fogerty, Director & COO, Berks County Workforce Development Board Lisa Campbell, Dean of Workforce Development, Butler County Community College Lisa Campbell, Dean of Workforce Development, Butler County Community College "Registered Apprenticeship (RA) is the gold standard of employer-employee training partnerships for terrific good-paying careers in sectors that don’t require a 4-year degree to get started.  KDP brings the current RA subject matter expertise and experience working with employers in SE PA needed to help employers evaluate and implement successful RA programs.  KDP staff are trusted partners and always available when we need them." Lisa Campbell, Dean of Workforce Development, Butler County Community College Lisa Campbell, Dean of Workforce Development, Butler County Community College Lisa Campbell, Dean of Workforce Development, Butler County Community College "The staff at KDP are extremely experienced and have been helpful to Butler County Community College (BC3).  Through their outreach, they assisted BC3 and the Tri-County Workforce Development Board in an effort to co-sponsor an Apprenticeship Summit event for their community employers and jobseekers. KDP staff continue to offer support to help our college grow in pre-apprenticeship and apprenticeship knowledge." Some of our Partners Contact Us Harrisburg Administrative Office 600 North Second Street Harrisburg, PA  17101 Rise' Enoch, Data Management Specialist (717) 231-2864 renoch@kdpworks.org Mary Jensik, Chief Financial Officer (717) 497-5324 mjensik@kdpworks.org John Paul, Program Manager jpaul@kdpworks.org Tara Toms, Apprenticeship Manager (717) 576-0417 ttoms@kdpworks.org Pittsburgh John Tkach, Executive Director (412) 849-5204 jtkach@kdpworks.org Tiffany Unger, Project Manager (814) 221-9489 tunger@kdpworks.org Copyright © 2025 Keystone Development Partnership All Rights Reserved. Powered by Contact Us