Training & Events Skip to content Home About Us About Us Catalyst Connection contributes to the growth and vibrancy of manufacturing in our region. Careers At Catalyst Connection, we recognize and treat our people as our most important resource. Grants & Cost Savings There are a number of grants and tax credits available to manufacturers in the region. Executive Committee & Board of Directors Influential professionals who are committed to driving innovation and growth in the manufacturing sector. Staff Dedicated to helping you reach your full potential and thrive in today’s competitive market. Services People Are You Earning The Reputation As An Employer Of Choice? Process Are you producing your products in the most efficient means and are you meeting quality standards? Products Do you have the right products for the market – and the right market for the products that you make? Technology Are you preparing to become a manufacturer for the 21st century? Insights Blog Our blog is your go-to resource for insightful articles and expert advice on the latest trends shaping the industry. Resource Library Curated content covers supply chain, optimization, workforce. Thrive in an ever-evolving marketplace. Stats Data-driven solutions empower regional manufacturers, optimize operations, streamline processes, skyrocket productivity. Case Studies Case studies show real-world impact on businesses. Discover process improvements, cost-saving, tech adoption, and more. Webinars Access a treasure trove of valuable resources and insights that will propel your organization forward. Annual Report 2024 This comprehensive report showcases our unwavering commitment to supporting regional manufacturers and driving their growth. Digital Bridge Podcast Series This series explores the intersections of leading-edge technologies in the manufacturing setting within Pittsburgh’s Industry 4.0 landscape. Newsletter Stay informed with the latest updates on manufacturing industry trends, tools, and events for insightful knowledge Peer Network For professional insights, personal advice, or expanding your circle, our Peer Networks provide supportive, meaningful interactions. Grants & Programs Click Here To View All to view all available grants and programs Explore The New Manufacturing Providing students with real experience in the world of manufacturing. Making Your Future Addressing the skilled worker shortage and the social and income disparities in Pittsburgh We Make It Here From robotics and autonomous vehicles to 3D printing, manufacturers are finding new ways to make the next big thing. Costs Savings There are a number of grants and tax credits available to manufacturers in the region. SkillMill19 Contact Us Training and Events Search Your browser does not support the video tag. We Grow Manufacturing Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. Powering The Potential Of People Earn the reputation as an Employer of Choice Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. Powering The Potential Of Your Processes Are you producing your products in the most efficient means? Are you meeting quality standards? Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. Powering The Potential Of Your Products Do you have the right products for the market – and the right market for the products you make? Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. Access Up To $35K In Project Funding For Advanced Manufacturing Technologies Are you preparing to become a manufacturer for the 21st century? Learn More How can we guide you? Select a topic that relates to you: Back Process Improvement Lean Manufacturing Quality Management Systems Becoming an Employer of Choice Growing Your Business Technology Access to Grants & Capital Training & Professional Development How can we guide you? Select a topic that relates to you: Select an Option Process Improvement Lean Manufacturing Quality Management Systems Becoming an Employer of Choice Growing Your Business Technology Access to Grants & Capital Training & Professional Development About Us Catalyst Connection is a private not-for-profit organization headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. We provide consulting and training services to small manufacturers in southwestern Pennsylvania, accelerating revenue growth and improving productivity. Through active collaboration with our clients and the manufacturing community, we contribute to the growth, vibrancy, and ongoing robustness of manufacturing in our region. Learn More People Catalyst Connection has developed services that can put any manufacturer on the right track to successful Organizational Development. Learn More Products Increase your profitability and top-line growth by securing new customers in existing markets, entering new markets, and successfully developing new products to sustain competitive advantage. Learn More Process Catalyst has identified the following approaches that successful manufacturers use to further their journey toward Operational Excellence. Learn More Technology Technologies like additive manufacturing, robotics, and digital manufacturing and design are equipping today’s manufacturers to take their operational performance to the next level. Learn More Case Studies Manufacturing companies continue working with us because our only focus is creating positive results. Over the past three decades, we’ve helped thousands of manufacturers across our 12-county region significantly reduce their costs while improving profitability and increasing revenue. To find out how manufacturers like yourself can gain real marketplace advantages by working with us, take a look at our latest case studies from our service areas focused on improving manufacturers through their People, Products, Processes and Technology. Learn More Our Programs There are a number of grants and programs manufacturers can take advantage of in order to stay globally competitive. Learn More SkillMill19 Learning Lab: Hands-On Training for Tomorrow’s Workforce Experience immersive, instructor-led manufacturing training at our state-of-the-art Innovation Center. Build practical skills, boost performance, and prepare your team for the future—right here in Pittsburgh. Introduction to Blueprint Reading *Special Offer* Manufacturers can register for this course at no-cost. Use code “manufacturer” at checkout. Limited spots available – Eyes on Quality: Strategies for Improving Visual Inspection *Special Offer* Manufacturers can register for this course at no-cost. Use code “manufacturer” at checkout. Limited spots available – IoT (Internet of Things) and Sensor Integration *Special Offer* Manufacturers can attend this training at no-cost thanks to SkillMill19 @ Manufacturing Innovation Center.  Learn the fundamentals of SkillMill19 Learning Management System: Online Learning, Real-World Results Empower your workforce anytime, anywhere with our on-demand learning platform built for manufacturers. Explore industry-aligned courses, earn credentials, and drive continuous improvement from the ground up. Featured Events All Events Supervisory Bootcamp This immersive, multi-part leadership program weaves together three powerful workshops—DISCover Your Leadership Potential, Command the Room: Strategies for Assertive Introduction to Blueprint Reading *Special Offer* Manufacturers can register for this course at no-cost. Use code “manufacturer” at checkout. Limited spots available – Eyes on Quality: Strategies for Improving Visual Inspection *Special Offer* Manufacturers can register for this course at no-cost. Use code “manufacturer” at checkout. Limited spots available – info@catalystconnection.org 412.918.4300 4501 Lytle Street, Suite 301 Pittsburgh, PA 15207 Navigate About Us Services Grants & Programs Contact Us Our Services People Process Products Technology Newsletter Signup Email (Required) CAPTCHA © 2025 Catalyst Connection Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Terms and Conditions | Insurance Requirements