Skip to content BEDFORD COUNTY | CAMBRIA COUNTY | INDIANA COUNTY | SOMERSET COUNTY Search How Do I? Giving & Legacy Creation Add CFA to an obituary Donate to causes I care about Find a Wealth Advisor Join the Philanthropic Leaders Advisory Network for wealth advisors Join the Legacy Society Make a gift anonymously Start a fund Fundholders Access CFA's resources for partnership funds Access my fund online Find CFA’s donor-initiated fundraising policy Start an online fundraising campaign Submit information about an event Submit invoices and reimbursement requests Grants & Nonprofits Check the status of my request Find grant opportunities Apply for PA Council on the Arts Funding Login to my grantee dashboard Publicize a grant received from CFA See whether I’m eligible for a grant Submit a final grant report Use CFA's Nonprofit Resource Library Reserve CFA's board room Scholarships Apply for a scholarship Find scholarship opportunities Open a scholarship fund About CFA Find a fund by name or purpose Find the right person to call Find upcoming events Park when I visit CFA’s Johnstown office See CFA’s Mission, Vision, or Equity Statement See which organizations received a grant Facilities Request Form Online Fund Access Donors and Fund Representatives, click here to log in to your donor portal. Grantee Portal How do I... Main Menu MENU Give Give Now Find a Fund by Name or Purpose Start a Fund Design Your Legacy Giving FAQs Professional Philanthropic Services Unlimited Love: Support the Fund for the Future Find a Wealth Advisor Join Our Wealth Advisor Network Learn About Us Our Annual Report Our Mission & Vision Our People Our Financials Our Grantmaking Supporting Organizations Join CFA’s Newsletter See the Latest News Find Upcoming Events Contact Us Get Started Grants & Scholarships Apply for a Scholarship Scholarship Applicant Login Apply for a Grant Grantee Login Visit CFA’s Nonprofit Resource Library Meet Expenditure Responsibility Wealth Advisors PLAN: Our Wealth Advisor Network Charitable Giving Strategies Investment Policy Types of Funds & Ways to Give Resources & Printable Handouts Get Involved Make an Online Donation Start a Fund Join Our Newsletter Contact Us Visit the Johnstown, Bedford, or Somerset Offices Somerset County Funds for Somerset County The Somerset County Community Fund Give Now Bedford County Funds for Bedford County Bedford County Change Makers The Bedford County Community Fund Give Now Cambria County Funds for Cambria County The Fund for the Future Give Now Indiana County Funds for Indiana County Growing in Indiana County Inspiring New possibilities Building pathways to a brighter future Uniting people, ideas, and resources Give back. Move ahead. DONORS GET STARTED Donors Start a Fund Sample Bequest Language Legacy Society Giving FAQs NONPROFITS Get Started Nonprofits Grant Opportunities CFA’s Nonprofit Resource Library Grantee Login STUDENTS Get Started Students Find and Apply for Scholarships Browse Scholarships by County/School Apply for a Scholarship ADVISORS Get Started Advisors PLAN: Our Wealth Advisor Network Charitable Giving Strategies Investment Policy Types of Funds & Who We Work With Resources & Printable Handouts Ways to Give Creating an Impact The Community Foundation for the Alleghenies has been helping people in our community help each other for more than 30 years. We put our donors’ generosity to work through strategic grantmaking and connect individuals with opportunities to make an impact. We support grassroots efforts, collaborate with community partners, and facilitate philanthropy across the region. We can help you design a lasting legacy aligned with your particular passion: the arts, education, economic development, or any cause close to your heart. 994 Total Funds $186.8 Million In Cumulative Grants & Charitable Distributions $143 Million In Assets $11.2 Million In Cumulative Scholarships Read Our Latest News Love Our City 814 to Host Unconventional Fashion Show On Sunday, August 17, the Love Our City 814 Fund will host their first Unconventional Fashion Show. The event will take place at 3:00 p.m. at Gallery on Gazebo in downtown Johnstown.
An event five years in the making, the fashion show will give students of Love Our City 814’s sewing workshop an opportunity to publicly display their work for the first time; however, the contestants must use nontraditional items to create their pieces. Contestants will use items such as paper, burlap, candy, and even hair to design the pieces that will be modeled at the event.
“We wanted to do this to bring attention to our class and also to let the community know that we’re still operating our community workshop,” said Sylvia Carr, second chair of Love Our City 814.
The sewing workshop initiative began in 2020 to help teach the lost art of sewing to youth and adults in the Greater Johnstown area, while also empowering them to become productive members of the community. Proceeds from the event will help … READ MORE AND SEE ALL OF OUR LATEST NEWS Strategic Grantmaking The Community Foundation supports hundreds of local nonprofits, awarding more than $116 million in grant awards so far. From special initiatives like the Early Childhood Education Fund to regular fall and spring grant rounds, we provide local nonprofits with resources and funding to make the greatest possible impact in our communities, today and for future generations. LEARN MORE the Fund for the future The Fund for the Future was established at the Community Foundation to address the needs of our region today, tomorrow, and forever. Because it’s one of our endowments, only earnings are used to make grants. The principal is invested and designed to grow in perpetuity. That means that any gift you make will be there for future grantmaking, forever. The Fund for the Future is also one of the funds that our Distribution Committee uses to make grants twice each year to local nonprofits. A gift to the Fund for the Future is a unique way to care for our community no matter what the future may hold. BE PART OF A BRIGHTER FUTURE Legacy creation The Community Foundation for the Alleghenies can work with you to create permanent funding for whatever causes you’d like to empower. We’ll walk you through every step of starting a fund or help you explore established efforts you may want to support. No matter what you choose, we will ensure that your charitable intent is always honored . We can also work with your wealth advisor to help you design a giving strategy that is tax-efficient and tailored to your needs and desires. Our Legacy Society is our way of acknowledging your commitment to the future—today. Becoming a member is simple: Include the Community Foundation for the Alleghenies as a beneficiary of a gift from your estate and notify us of your plan. DESIGN YOUR LEGACY Pathfinder funds At the Community Foundation, our mission is to help people support the local causes they care most about. Our Pathfinder Funds allow you to easily donate to a cause that matches your own personal interests. These funds are a permanent resource that will help respond to the changing needs of our community not only today, but for generations to come. We invite you to join us on a journey that will lead to a better future for all members of our community. LEARN MORE Hear from our community The death of our Son Luke was devastating for our family. We reached out to the Community Foundation for the Alleghenies for guidance in developing a fund to honor Luke’s life.  It has been a pleasure working with this organization and we have been able to help so many people from our community in the past two years! … Nick and Leah Patton I can maximize my efforts in causes close to my heart because of the CFA, and we are all better individuals, organizations, and communities as a result of the CFA’s work. Bob and Ann Portante Legacy Society Somerset County has provided us with an excellent lifestyle, prosperous careers, and a satisfying retirement environment. It is now time to give back. When you give to the Community Foundation for the Alleghenies the money impacts lives for many years to come. Giving back to local communities is simply the right thing to do! Jon C. and Sharon S. Clapper Legacy Society “The Community Foundation has given me many scholarship opportunities that have made it possible for me to continue with my career goals. The Community Foundation made applying to scholarships quick and efficient! I can’t thank the Community Foundation enough for their part in this process!” Ceceila Bean Scholarship Recipient “The Legacy Society is a unique and satisfying way to make a difference in the life of our community.” William “Bill” Glosser 1929-2017; Fund Representative “Diane and I are blessed to be able to provide support to educational causes through the foundation. It gives us the potential for our gifts to appreciate in value. It also provides great convenience when we choose to make a donation. The staff is always very responsive and helpful.” Scott and Diane Little Fund Representatives Give back. Move ahead. Main Office COMMUNITY FOUNDATION FOR THE ALLEGHENIES 216 Franklin Street, Suite 400 Johnstown, PA 15901 (814) 536-7741 [email protected] Useful Links Online Fund Access Contact Us Give Now Scholarships Grants Non-Discrimination and Other Policies Explore Simply Incredible Johnstown, PA! Organization Purpose People Financials News Strategic Plan: 2024-2028 © 2022 Community Foundation. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service Back To Top We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All,” you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT