Skip to content Sign In Join Up About Us Tech Council Swag Fortyx80 DREAMS Coalition President's Message Staff Directory Board of Directors PTC in the News Events ATHENA CIO of the Year & Tech Titan Awards Golf Outing Huntington Bank Breakfast Briefing Information Technology Manufacturing Networking Public Policy Talent Tech 50 Women's Focused Member Events Virtual Archives Membership Testimonials Defense Robotics Business Development Talent Visibility Public Policy New Members Benefits Member Incentives Talent K12 STEM Entrepreneur HireUP Recruiting Events Professional Development LAUNCH Pittsburgh Career Connector Apprenti PGH Media TEQ Magazine OnRAMP Magazine State of the Industry Report 40 Stories Member News Tech Poster Podcasts Emerging Tech Law Series TechVibe Radio Pittsburgh Founder 10-Minute Tech Talks Health Care Reinvented Catalyst Connection Digital Bridge Advertising & Sponsorship Search Sign In Join Up × L.A.U.N.C.H Learn, Aspire, Understand, Navigate, Connect, and Highlight L.A.U.N.C.H. Leadership in STEM Program What is L.A.U.N.C.H.? L.A.U.N.C.H. (Learn, Aspire, Understand, Navigate, Connect, and Highlight) is a FREE dynamic program designed to empower participants to stay on the course along their STEM pathway. This is done through meaningful engagement with women professionals in STEM as mentors and advisors, guest speakers on personal brand and entrepreneurship, STEM based industry tours, building of peer and professional networks, and opportunities to explore their potential in STEM career fields. All students get an hourly pay of $10 each day that they attend throughout the entirety of the 4-week summer cohort. *SUMMER 2025 LAUNCH APPLICATIONS ARE CLOSED.* Who should apply? Any 10 th and 11 th grade female identifying students with an interest in STEM or the desire to find their ideal career pathway. *Please note that priority will be given to Pittsburgh Public School students. When are the cohorts? Every summer during the month of July, participants meet in person Monday through Thursday for 4 weeks. Students will engage in a confidence building curriculum partnered with industry tours, guest speakers, one-on-one mentoring, building an entrepreneurial plan, and much more! Throughout the rest of the year, all L.A.U.N.C.H. alumni will be invited to a series of events including mentor meetups, book club, and volunteer opportunities. The L.A.U.N.C.H. confidence building curriculum is centered around 5 virtues: Ready to become a leader in STEM? Applications are open NOW ! Are you a company interested in hosting an industry tour? Industry tours provide our high school participants with the opportunity to visit companies, explore career pathways, and gain firsthand insight into the STEM workforce! Each cohort takes place throughout July, with this year’s program starting on Monday, July 7th, 2025 . Companies that host a tour should expect to welcome approximately 25 students during their visit for a 2-hour period. Previous industry tour locations include: Magee-Women’s Research Institute Bally Design GetBlok Farms Lipstyck Lab Gecko Robotics The Pittsburgh Opera CCAC - Pittsburgh Knights Moonshot Museum INDUSTRY TOUR APPLICATION Are you a woman professional wanting to get involved with the L.A.U.N.C.H. program? As a female or female-identifying professional working in a STEM organization, we invite you to mentor the young women of L.A.U.N.C.H. and encourage them to pursue an active role in the future of STEM. Your commitment can be anywhere from 2-16 hours of volunteer time per cohort, spread out over 4-16 weeks, depending on your level of involvement. As a L.A.U.N.C.H. mentor, you'll have the chance to: Inspire and empower young girls to pursue their dreams and aspirations Share your expertise, insights, and experiences to help them navigate their career paths Foster meaningful connections that can last a lifetime Make a positive impact on the future of our community and workforce Together, let's inspire, empower, and L.A.U.N.C.H. the leaders of tomorrow! Interested in mentoring? Contact Rafalene Costanza at rcostanza@pghtech.org. Stay Up To Date Sign Up SITEMAP About Us Events Membership Talent Media Podcasts Advertising & Sponsorship Contact Us Policies How to Join Copyright © 2025 Pittsburgh Technology Council. All rights reserved. Let us show you why you should join today. Contact us at 412-687-2700 or stop by the office at 100 South Commons, Suite 172, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 and say hello!