Skip to content We’ve upgraded to a new member platform as of December 2024, and your previous login credentials are no longer valid. Please refer to your email for details or click 'Current Member Login' and use the 'Forgot Password' option to reset your access. become a member Login with SalesForce About 120th Anniversary Our Team Contact Us Training Full Course Catalog Customized Onsite Training Leadership & Supervisory Training Supervisory Skills Certificate Series Leadership for Team Leaders Certificate Series Leadership: Master Development Certificate Series Computer Training Excel Certificate Series HR Skills & Compliance Training Women in Leadership Training Food Safety Training Finance Training Additional Courses HR & Legal FREE Legal/HR Hotline FREE HR Forms and Documents HR Skills & Compliance Training HR Conference Additional HR & Legal Services Surveys and Labor Law Posters HR ListServ Government Affairs Business Advocacy Communications & Publications Find Your Lawmaker Insurance Exclusive Discounted Member Plans Resources for Brokers MBA Insurance Agency Additional Services Member Networking Forums Conference Center Energy Program Discounted Member Services Business Magazine Logistics Events MFG Day Annual Event HR Conference Leadership Summit Additional Events Media Business Magazine Podcast Photo & Video Gallery Press Releases Advertising and Sponsorships About 120th Anniversary Our Team Contact Us Training Full Course Catalog Customized Onsite Training Leadership & Supervisory Training Supervisory Skills Certificate Series Leadership for Team Leaders Certificate Series Leadership: Master Development Certificate Series Computer Training Excel Certificate Series HR Skills & Compliance Training Women in Leadership Training Food Safety Training Finance Training Additional Courses HR & Legal FREE Legal/HR Hotline FREE HR Forms and Documents HR Skills & Compliance Training HR Conference Additional HR & Legal Services Surveys and Labor Law Posters HR ListServ Government Affairs Business Advocacy Communications & Publications Find Your Lawmaker Insurance Exclusive Discounted Member Plans Resources for Brokers MBA Insurance Agency Additional Services Member Networking Forums Conference Center Energy Program Discounted Member Services Business Magazine Logistics Events MFG Day Annual Event HR Conference Leadership Summit Additional Events Media Business Magazine Podcast Photo & Video Gallery Press Releases Advertising and Sponsorships Moving Your Business Forward Who We Are Running a business is hard, and running a successful business is even harder, but you don’t have to do it alone. We are here to help! Over the past 100 years, we have served businesses of all sizes and in dozens of industries across the state of Pennsylvania and beyond. We’ll help you make sure your employees trust you, your leadership team is confident, and your business stays in compliance with an ever-changing legal and regulatory landscape. Learn More What We Offer Since 1905, we have been the leading pro-business advocate in Pennsylvania. From HR and legal services to training and events, the MBA has everything you need to make your business a success, at price points that can’t be matched. Whether you’re a small or large business, we have a breadth of resources to help you be as effective as possible in managing your people and running your business. Learn More Upcoming Events Regular events and conferences at the MBA provide unique access to experts, trends, and influencers in the business community–all in one place. Executive Speaker Series: Banking Leadership Panel August 19, 2025 Western Pennsylvania Legislative Reception September 18, 2025 First Annual She Builds September 20, 2025 Annual Event October 8, 2025 See All Events Training with the MBA VIEW UPCOMING TRAININGS MBA Membership Business owners regularly face changes and challenges–there are many pitfalls that can cause profit loss and negative brand perceptions. When it comes to running and maintaining a successful business, a membership with the MBA is a cost-effective partnership that can provide access to people and resources that protect you from problems you might not see, resources to help train your workforce, and even a legal and HR hotline when you have questions. Benefits of an MBA membership include: Access to HR and training experts Access to industry networks Continuing education Alerts and guidance concerning changes to business law and regulations A team of knowledgeable professionals to cheer you on and ensure your business is the best it can be BECOME A MEMBER HR & Legal Services HR and legal requirements are an ever-evolving process. Your MBA membership can help you stay on top of all compliance issues and gives you access to a legal and HR hotline for any questions that may arise. Our HR and legal services reduce risk and increase productivity, which means your business can run more effectively with more satisfied employees. LEARN MORE Other Services We also offer a variety of other services to support business owners. Networking Government Affairs Insurance Energy Business Magazine Conference Center What People Say About the MBA “Outstanding course and trainers who kept us engaged at all times!” Stefanie Ingramm, INEOS Pigments “The information presented was beneficial and pertained to my work and life. The discussions really made you think about issues and opportunities you may have as a manager.” Chelsie Zents, Erie Insurance “Very interesting and informative program. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in improving their leadership skills.” Lisa Hadden, Marquette Savings Bank “A diverse mix of people coupled with varying levels of experience and perspective make this class something that I would love to experience again someday.” Jim Irons, Eriez Where We Work Get In Touch Name Email Phone Message Submit Contact Us Headquarters & Conference Center 2171 West 38th Street Erie, PA 16508 (814) 833-3200 (800) 815-2660 Pittsburgh Office Regional Learning Alliance (RLA) Learning and Conference Center 850 Cranberry Woods Drive, Suite 2224 Cranberry Township, PA 16066 About Training HR & Legal Government Affairs About Training HR & Legal Government Affairs Media Events Insurance Privacy Policy Media Events Insurance Privacy Policy Headquarters & Conference Center 2171 West 38th Street Erie, PA 16508 814/833-3200 or 800/815-2660 Pittsburgh Office Regional Learning Alliance (RLA) Learning and Conference Center 850 Cranberry Woods Drive, Suite 2224 Cranberry Township, PA 16066 Copyright © 2024 – Manufacturer & Business Association – All rights reserved. Facebook X-twitter Linkedin-in Website by W74 Marketing Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors