Skip to content Sign In Join Up About Us Tech Council Swag Fortyx80 DREAMS Coalition President's Message Staff Directory Board of Directors PTC in the News Events ATHENA CIO of the Year & Tech Titan Awards Golf Outing Huntington Bank Breakfast Briefing Information Technology Manufacturing Networking Public Policy Talent Tech 50 Women's Focused Member Events Virtual Archives Membership Testimonials Defense Robotics Business Development Talent Visibility Public Policy New Members Benefits Member Incentives Talent K12 STEM Entrepreneur HireUP Recruiting Events Professional Development LAUNCH Pittsburgh Career Connector Apprenti PGH Media TEQ Magazine OnRAMP Magazine State of the Industry Report 40 Stories Member News Tech Poster Podcasts Emerging Tech Law Series TechVibe Radio Pittsburgh Founder 10-Minute Tech Talks Health Care Reinvented Catalyst Connection Digital Bridge Advertising & Sponsorship Search Sign In Join Up × All of the Above! How can an "All of the Above" approach to energy production for data centers balance the need for continuous, reliable energy supply with the imperative of reducing carbon footprints and promoting environmental sustainability? Learn More 2025 Tech 50 Nominations Open! Nominate Your Technology Company by August 29. Learn More TEQ Hub: A Peek Behind the Curtain at Carnegie Robotics Plus, News, Features and Podcasts From Pittsburgh's Tech Sector Learn More Get Your Byte of the TechBurgher Poster The 2025 TechBurgher Poster represents our community in a deliciously fun new way. And your company should be a key ingredient in this tasty snapshot of our city’s thriving ecosystem! Learn More Meet Some of Our Newest Members! Join us for a little slideshow! Learn More What We Do! The Pittsburgh Technology Council can help your tech company succeed through a proven platform of: Business Development Talent Retention Government Relations Visibility Services Companies at all growth stages use the Pittsburgh Technology Council to build new business, connect to capital, grow a workforce and make headlines. Visit Page Latest News PTC Member News PTC Supply Chain Event: Building Resilient, Agile, and AI-Ready Networks Thought Leader The Final Tour: Two Pittsburgh Tech Ecosystem Builders and Ozzy Tech Council Celebrates 26th Annual Golf Outing One Mic Stand Making Tech Accessible: Ad Agency Entrepreneur Creates Simplified Geofencing Solution View All Latest News Upcoming Events 01 / 3 Featured Event Pittsburgh Technology Council Summer Open House Pittsburgh Technology Council Summer Open House When: August 20, 2025Where: Pittsburgh Tech Council Office About Event Register Here Join us for an end-of-summer View Event Featured Event Supply Chain Innovation Insights: Emerging Supply Chain Trends Across Manufacturing Supply Chain Innovation Insights: Emerging Supply Chain Trends Across Manufacturing When: August 6, 2025Where: Nova Place Conference Center | 100 S Commons View Event Featured Event Huntington Bank Breakfast Briefing: Chicken of the Sea Huntington Bank Breakfast Briefing: Chicken of the Sea When: August 27, 2025Where: Pittsburgh Technology Council | Nova Place About Event Register Here View Event Next Event Virtual Membership Overview Session Previous Event Supply Chain Innovation Insights: Emerging Supply Chain Trends Across Manufacturing × Pittsburgh Cool Compunetix Compunetix is the leading developer of converged VoIP, voice, video, and data collaboration and conferencing applications for the service provider, government, and corporate enterprise markets. View Bio Carnegie Robotics Carnegie Robotics is focused on engineering autonomy and producing the components that power autonomy. View Bio Pittsburgh Tech Workforce Development Our Sponsors Stay Up To Date Want to keep in touch with the PTC? Sign up below and we will send you updates on all the new things going on in the world of Pittsburgh's tech sector. And don't worry, your email is safe with us. Sign Up SITEMAP About Us Events Membership Talent Media Podcasts Advertising & Sponsorship Contact Us Policies How to Join Copyright © 2025 Pittsburgh Technology Council. All rights reserved. Let us show you why you should join today. Contact us at 412-687-2700 or stop by the office at 100 South Commons, Suite 172, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 and say hello!