Skip to content Home About Menu Toggle What is RCI? Programs Menu Toggle Incubation Support Entrepreneurial Training Access to Capital RCI Innovation Strategies Events Office Space In The News Menu Toggle RCI Business Spotlights Contact Registration Registration Donate Donate Home About Menu Toggle What is RCI? Programs Menu Toggle Incubation Support Entrepreneurial Training Access to Capital RCI Innovation Strategies Events Office Space In The News Menu Toggle RCI Business Spotlights Contact Main Menu Home About Menu Toggle What is RCI? Programs Menu Toggle Incubation Support Entrepreneurial Training Access to Capital RCI Innovation Strategies Events Office Space In The News Menu Toggle RCI Business Spotlights Contact Catalyze diverse and small businesses throughout Southwestern Pennsylvania 40 Years Celebrating Economic Impact:

Est. 1983 Read More About Us Catalyze Diverse and Small Businesses Throughout Southwestern Pennsylvania. North Side Industrial Development Company d/b/a Riverside Center for Innovation (RCI) works to create a healthy environment for the region’s diverse entrepreneurs and small businesses to prosper. RCI provides direct services to small businesses, entrepreneurs, neighborhoods and communities. RCI serves as a resource-rich, innovative, and sustainable economic engine for all who live and work in the region by providing incubation support, training, innovative strategies and brownfield development. RCI’s is transforming the City of Pittsburgh from a “smart” to a globally-recognized “intelligent” city. “Smart” cities have robust integrated technology (IoT), transportation, and climate resilience, but they have yet to eradicate poverty. Our programming will help transform Pittsburgh into that “intelligent city” – one which is diverse, human-centered, racially equitable, and enables prosperity for all. Read more What we do RCI’s  Core Values Transparency To have open communication and accountability Ethics Treat all people with dignity and respect Trustworthy Working together in a team relationship and creating great things together Empowerment Give those around you tools so they can Create, Innovate and Succeed Innovation Continuous improvement, bold creativity and change Commitment Develop relationships that make a positive difference 17 Sustainable Development Goals The 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), are an urgent call for action by all countries - developed and developing - in a global partnership. Below are the Sustainable Development Goals that align directly with RCI's Core Values no poverty affordable and clean energy decent work and economic growth industry, innovation and infrastructure reduced inequalities sustainable cities and communities partnerships for the goals Click here to learn more about the 17 sustainable development goals. What can we help you overcome? We help companies stay ahead in a rapidly changing world. set an appointment CONTACT US Pittsburgh Office 700 River Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15212 412-322-3523 [email protected] Beaver County Satellite Office 1317 7th Avenue Beaver Falls, PA 15010 By Appointment Only - Victoria Snyder [email protected] Copyright © 2025 Riverside Center For Innovation