CONTACT US MEMBER LOGIN ✕ CONTACT US MEMBER LOGIN Home ABOUT US Chapters Staff Committees Chamber Board of Directors Job/Volunteer Opportunities Job Board Post Your Resume Volunteer Opportunities Internship Opportunities BUSINESS DIRECTORY MEMBERSHIP Join Now Member Benefits Resources Networking Advertise With the Chamber FAQs PROGRAMS & EVENTS Chamber Events Community Events Workforce Development & Partnerships Women of Westmoreland Leadership Westmoreland FUEL – Young Professionals Group 2025 Sponsorship Opportunities 2025 Award Nominations COMMUNITY OUTREACH DEI Initiatives Non-Profit of the Month NEWS & VIEWS LATEST BLOGS Chamber Champion of the Month GOVERNMENT OUTREACH ✕ Home ABOUT US Chapters Staff Committees Chamber Board of Directors Job/Volunteer Opportunities Job Board Post Your Resume Volunteer Opportunities Internship Opportunities BUSINESS DIRECTORY MEMBERSHIP Join Now Member Benefits Resources Networking Advertise With the Chamber FAQs PROGRAMS & EVENTS Chamber Events Community Events Workforce Development & Partnerships Women of Westmoreland Leadership Westmoreland FUEL – Young Professionals Group 2025 Sponsorship Opportunities 2025 Award Nominations COMMUNITY OUTREACH DEI Initiatives Non-Profit of the Month NEWS & VIEWS LATEST BLOGS Chamber Champion of the Month GOVERNMENT OUTREACH Westmoreland County Chamber of Commerce Helping Businesses Thrive and Communities Prosper WELCOME TO THE Read More About Us Our Chamber serves as a community leader and a vital connector, providing businesses with essential resources and networking opportunities, while working to improve the quality of life for all residents. Join us in creating a thriving, prosperous community for businesses and families alike. CHAMBER IN ACTION Upcoming Chamber Events View Calendar Behind the Scenes Non-Profit of the Month: Mosaic Community Development Center July 3, 2025 Welcome Nick Ciaglia, Our New Director of Membership! May 30, 2025 Westmoreland County Chamber of Commerce Launches Chamber Leadership Academy March 24, 2025 Maker vs. Manager: Mastering Two Distinct Leadership Modes to Maximize Your Impact March 18, 2025 Read Articles Westmoreland County Chamber Roundtable Discussions We invite you to participate in our monthly events where top industry experts share their insights on the most pressing business topics. These sessions are designed to provide you with powerful, actionable strategies that can be immediately implemented in your organization. Gain exclusive access to cutting-edge skills, practical solutions, and proven techniques that will help drive your business forward. Each event is an immersive experience offering unparalleled opportunities to network with like-minded professionals, engage with thought leaders, and learn strategies that can transform your business. Don’t miss the chance to gain invaluable knowledge and insights from leading experts that can lead to meaningful growth and innovation in your organization. Learn More ABOUT THE WESTMORELAND COUNTY CHAMBER OUR MISSION The Chamber strives to promote the continuous improvement of the common good and the quality of life in the community through the pursuit of new business; the cultural, social, and economic education of our citizens; and by providing accurate and timely assistance to the business community. Let us help you CONNECT , ENGAGE , and GROW your business. Empowering Businesses: Your Resource for Education, Networking, and Advocacy At the Westmoreland County Chamber, we are your leading resource for education, networking, and advocacy in our region. Recognized by the business community for our unparalleled support, we maximize the value proposition for our members, making us the chamber of choice. We continuously expand our impact by growing our membership within our traditional service area and beyond, broadening our geographic reach. Through strategic relationships with regional stakeholders, we remain dedicated to enhancing the benefits of membership and supporting our members' success. As a member, you'll benefit from exclusive resources and events designed to help your business thrive. Joining the Chamber of Commerce gives your business access to a vast network of local professionals, providing endless opportunities for collaboration and growth. Leave a Review LEARN MORE Business & Community Support Hub CHAMBER BENEFITS Learn More JOIN THE CHAMBER Learn More FIND A MEMBER Learn More Join Us! 1000 + Active Chamber Members Dear Friends, Welcome to westmorelandchamber.com. On these pages you’ll find loads of information about Westmoreland County’s premier business association – The Westmoreland County Chamber of Commerce. You’ll also find relocation materials, maps, and information on a variety of community happenings. With over 1,000 members representing all corners of Westmoreland County, the Westmoreland County Chamber is one of our region’s largest and most active business associations. As you consider making this community your permanent home – or the permanent home for your business – call on us anytime for assistance. If you’re not already a member of the Chamber…you should be. We’d be delighted to count your business among our many active, engaged and satisfied members. Here’s wishing you the very best of all Westmoreland County has to offer! Dan DeBone ​President & CEO Get In Touch! 724-834-2900 241 Tollgate Hill Road, Greensburg, PA 15601 info@westmorelandchamber.com Additional Resources Contact Us Member Login Join Now Stay Connected! Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2025 Westmoreland County Chamber of Commerce.  All Rights Reserved