User Login Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now Trouble logging in? Contact Us STUDENTS, PARENTS, and TEACHERS Get registered to get all the details on local opportunities and to submit your applications online. Get Started or Sign In BUSINESS OWNERS and EMPLOYERS Get registered now to begin your student outreach activities. Post your opportunities now and start connecting with the students that are looking for you. Get Started or Sign In Register for a student account Complete the below form to submit your request to become a registered user. Once reviewed and approved by your school liaison, you will receive an email notification confirming your registration. Fields marked with an * are required. First Name* Last Name* School Email* Graduation Year* Password* Confirm Password* School District* Select School District Belle Vernon Area School District Burrell School District Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center Connellsville Area School District Derry Area School District Franklin Regional SD Freeport Area School District Greater Latrobe School District Greensburg Salem School District Hempfield Area SD Jeannette City SD Ligonier Valley SD Mount Pleasant Area SD New Kensington Arnold SD Norwin Area SD Southmoreland Area SD Yough SD Upload Your Resume (Resume is recommended but not required) Remove I am 13 years of age or older, and my parents/guardians have completed the necessary approval forms.* Employer? Register here . Register for an employer account Complete the below form to submit your request to become a registered employer. Once reviewed and approved by the Westmoreland County Forum for Workforce Development Director, you will receive an email notification confirming your registration and providing you with directions on how to begin cultivating student talent . Fields marked with an * are required. First Name* Last Name* Company* Company Address* Phone Number* Email* Password* Confirm Password* I agree to the terms of conditions of participation.* Student? Register here . Lost Password? E-mail Don't have an account? Register now Trouble logging in? Contact Us logo Career Hub Empower educators and community as partners to foster a vibrant regional economy Sign In Sign In Copyright © 2025 Westmoreland County Forum for Workforce Development - All Rights Reserved. Fifth Floor, Suite 510 40 N. Pennsylvania Ave. Greensburg, PA 15601 | Phone: 724-830-3604 | Fax: 724-850-3974 The Westmoreland County Forum for Workforce Development (the Forum) is a collaboration of school districts, in Westmoreland and surrounding Counties, business and industry, higher education, economic development organizations and others.  The goal of the Forum is to create pathways for all students into meaningful careers in the region. The Forum partner organizations have a strong desire to better address regional quality workforce needs of business and industry and how improved communication and collaboration can be cultivated and developed between education and business entities to address the needs of the new economy. Opportunities About Employers Resources Students & Educators Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use EGCW Register Sign In